a company who usually has good quality items .
this was too big ,  heavy and bulky for me .
for one ,  this product is built very cheap .
i have gone back to my small grinder that i have had for about num_num years .
but what can you say for the price .
not sharp slow associated open and pretty small in my hand .
i m glad i did not pay alot for it .
i bought one of these based on the glowing reviews .
let me know if there is anything i can clear up in the comments .
as the saying goes  you get what you pay for  .
i have a num_extend generation num_num gb ipod .
it is cheaper and works just as well .
i bought these because they were cheap and that is what i got .
if anybody have any suggestions ,  please let me know .
because of this ,  amazon refunded my product price and shipping .
anyways seeing the somewhat better price on this product and perfect ratings i ordered this from amazon .
i would spend more money to get a product that works .
on the upside it really hugs your iphone num_extend
these are so thin i couldnt believe it .
so the good part is she really liked it .
it can be glued back on ,  but the plastic seems like it will break if dropped .
first the good news :  this is a decent enough coffee maker .
i want a case that protects my phone and looks good for more than a week or two .
i don t know if it has a dead battery or it is broken .
after that it functions about the same as the stock battery .
at first ,  i was so happy with it i bought one for my mom .
they fit really well and were very comfortable .
after reading all the great reviews ,  i ordered the product .
it does power your phone ,  but for a very short time .
i bought this for all the amazing reviews .
the smell is pleasant and i like the consistency of the product .
i guess that you get what you pay for .
if you are only looking at that ,  buy this now .
given the $ price tag ,  i expected better .
first ,  make sure you have the latest firmware .
so ,  basically ,  i m not at all satisfied with this product .
after reading several reviews ,  i had high hopes for these .
i ve been using for over num_num weeks and nothing .
it makes it very difficult to put in your pocket .
i m so tired of dropping $ on vacs that last less than num_num years .
the colors on the screen a lot brighter than what it actually is .
the reviews seemed good ,  so i thought i d give this a try .
whats more ,  it does not charge as well as a wall charger  e . g .
breaks or runs out of battery juice fairly quickly .
the fit appeared to be good and tight .
after a few uses it doesn t look clean .
but can t complain too much it was super cheap .
the digital display is small and dim and in moderate to bright light ,  it is very difficult to read .
these were very nice when i first got them .
i tried replacing the battery so that s not the problem .
this knife has a serrated edge with an asymmetrical bevel .
it is light weight and goes on nice .
these little headphones do sound very good for inexpensive phones ,  good strong bass and clear treble .
i must admit i was disappointed with this product .
num_num of num_num but really is a num_num of num_extend
nice extendable cord . it charges iphone num_num and num_extend correctly but the usb port doesn t work .
here are the i don t like about num_extend
bought this on sale ,  and glad i didn t pay full price .
this is the third pair i have had .
i purchased this product from amazon . com in may num_num for $
it is probably more suited for num_num or num_extend
i ll add to my review after i ve had a chance to use them a bit more .
this product did not work as well for me as it apparently has for so many .
i should ve bought the prettier one that is smaller .
regretfully ,  i decided to buy this anyway based on the reviews .
on the other hand they are cheap ,  so no big deal if you don t like them .
i ordered this because it looked like just what i wanted .
with that said ,  i have often found otterbox products to be the best of the best .
this is definitely a case of you get what you pay for !  .
i wish i had just bought a bunch of those ,  instead .
anyway when i bought this one it looked great .
they are thinner than what i m used to .
the picture does not make justice to the product .
you get what you pay for ,  i guess !  .
were it reformulated to be better quality ,  i d give it four or five stars .
i bought this because i have an num_extend weimeraner .
after reading the reviews ,  i figured i would give it a shot .
after reading all the wonderful reviews i had high hopes for this product .
i m confused by all the num_num star reviews because i don t like this product at all .
the only good thing about this product is its cheap .
the batteries that i got only lasted me a few months .
i certainly got a cheap product to go with the cheap price on this one .
i read reviews and thought i d give it a try .
for the price ,  yeah it s some cheap plastic .
they may be more expensive but worth it to me .
but what can you expect for the price .
get a nice screen protector and you will be far happier .
purchased this for my num_num year old son .
it was also very much smaller than i anticipated even though i knew it was extra small .
i would recommend using your phone too charge battery s over this charger .
i really wanted to love this ice cream maker .
i followed all the instructions to the letter .
it does have a pretty shine to it .
if it was bigger it would work fine .
not worth the $ i paid for it .
i have owned this product for num_num months .
i don t know if i have a defective battery or not .
i m not even sure why i bought this .
i purchased this based on the positive reviews .
i ordered this case because it was cheap .
its an ok color but not something i ll be going to .
the coffee is hot sometimes ,  but lukewarm most of the time right after brewing .
i was all excited after reading the reviews .
so make sure that you buy a large enough size .
but after getting the product i felt the price was far too high for what you get .
if you are a true audiophile ,  i would recommend looking elsewhere .
well you get what you pay for and this is no exception .
spend a little more and get something that is going to last .
really hard to get the spots that are difficult to clean .
this product seems to be pretty good in quality and reputable company .
this was a great product for a long time .
so it just sits on my counter and looks pretty .
it also adds significant bulk to the phone .
the price is not worth the lack of quality .
i know they weren t expensive but these look cheap .
when i received this item i expected the battery that came with it to work .
the price was great but expected a little more on the item .
i like to research ,  read reviews ,  and just do my homework before making a purchase .
the signal is weak and on a few occations the signal fades and cuts out .
not bad for the price but you can find better off amazon .
while i do like its design ,  the quality is another issue .
it appears to be used to enable two two usb devices to be plugged into one port .
i put it in my phone and it lasted maybe num_num minutes .
the pillow is not what i would consider firm .
it really is difficult to remove as it was so tight .
i began using this about a month ago .
you get what you pay for when it comes to items like this .
i bought this for my panasonic cordless phones at home so i could use while working from home .
assuming it was a bad battery i changed it .
the style is cool ,  and has a good price .
after i purchased it ,  i found it elsewhere for half the price .
it did not work as good as my other product .
i really wanted to like both of these products based of the reviews but was dissapointed in both .
i purchased another similar product but on the $ to $ range and is sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo much better .
i couldn t find my former brand anymore  which had lasted num_num years  ,  so tried this one .
i had one of these for just over a year .
but these speakers are great for the price .
i bought this as a birthday gift for a num_num year old .
but when i received it ,  i was so disappointed .
i have to agree with the majority of the reviewers .
i would not hear people sometimes and sometimes they will not hear me .
the product does what it says .  .  . i haven t had a problem with that .
i bought this thinking it looked like a handy thing to have .
so obviously ,  i am not happy with this product .
all the reviews i had read about it were positive .
i have other products that work as well or better than this product .
basically it s a lot of trial and error .
the battery would not hold a charge right from the initial charge .
sound quality is decent ,  and for the price they re okay .
the reason i don t like it is that the handle is too short .
first of all ,  it took me num_num minutes to even assemble the unit before i could use it .
there is not weight to the pieces so it just feels cheap .
i got num_num of them for about $ dollars somewhere . cons :  a waste of my $ dollars .
it might be good for someone who only wants a hint of color ?  .
i have had these headphones for about num_num months now and i really loved them until last week .
i purchased the num_extend unit because it was on sale .
at least their customer service is top notch .
you won t see the screen since it is not backlit .
i got an extra charger with a set of two batteries .
i ve only had it for num_num months and i have not abused it at all .
this was given to us as a gift and it is conceptually a great product .
i found that it was actually draining my phone battery instead of charging it .
i asked amazon to replace it and they did there normal great job it rushing it to me .
it was cheap and i got what i paid for .
i don t like that they are made in china .
this won t do that ,  so it s a slow charger .
i purchased sennheiser wireless headphones because i thought they were of good quality .
i received the battery on time and everything .
i have a queen size air bed and it works great .
and the battery that came with the phone gives me just as many hours as use as this does .
amazon remains my favored place for internet purchases  .
earbuds are probably better becauseallthe sound goes into your ear and none of it is lost .
i got one as a present and it works great and fits better on my ear .
to me it was a waste of money .
the plastic is not thick ,  seems like it would be prone to snap .
not that great but for the price not bad .
i have another charger and have no issues with it because it will show a charge on my iphone .
it doesn t . most of the reviews here are from num_num to num_num years old .
pros  :  sound quality is good as they saycons  : doesnt look so good .
and it is not as good as my favorite theater popcorn .
spend the extra $ its well worth it .
i have used this product off and on for at least num_num years .
for me ,  i think the problem stems from how difficult the battery is to maintain .
they cost quite a bit more than these but you get what you pay for .
the inside of some of he cups are not completely smooth .
my original review gave this product num_num stars but i just knocked that down to num_num stars .
this charger is listed to work with the num_extend and num_extend
it is not made in france or usa .
this screen protector does not come as pictured .
well i purchased one and haad to return it had corrosion in the battery compartment would not work .
i read some nice reviews about this product and decided to give a try for $
it is very small and lightweight  about num_num ounces  .
it wasn t bad ,  it just wasn t very good .
when i first started using it ,  it worked great .
i have now read the other reviews and have no idea how anyone could give these a positive review .
looks like i am going to buy my old one again .
if you like your coffee strong and black ,  then you ll probably really like this .
well i guess you get what you pay for in some cases .
well made and really does the job ,  but .
this seemed like a suitable replacement until i could afford to replace my iphone .
i switched to another product and it seems to work much better .
you can get it on ebay much cheaper than proactiv is on amazon or ebay .
i bought it and wish i had not .
the num_num and num_num pieces are interchangeable .  .  . that led to some num_extend
hopefully they will last longer than this one is going to last me .
it also makes the phone kind of bulky .
check the dimensions also ,  much larger than i thought .
and for weeks my neck was in so much pain that i had to buy another foam pillow .
did not fit the phone i bought it for .
so when i saw this for a lesser price i thought i would try it .
all is all i was disappointed with this product .
disappointing based on the reviews i had read .
simply put this item didn t work when i attempted to use it initially .
i am in total agreement with the many other one star reviews .
also ,  the sound quality is muffled and is not stereo quality .
it is really just a piece of very cheap hard plastic .
i ended up getting a different cable and it works great .
i ve purchased these in the past and they were great .
granted that isn t what it was designed for .
i m really amazed how other reviews have a positive opinion on this product .
just be aware if you re buying this as a gift .
the handle is hollow and uncomfortable to hold .
i feel like it was a big waste of money .
i ve had this machine for two or three years and am looking around to replace it .
you get what you pay for and for $ i wasn t expecting much .
the cut out for the micro usb jack is too small .
i compared it to the one im replacing and the new one is totally different .
i thought that i might try this one also as it gets good reviews .
this doesn t seem to irritate but then it s barely does a thing .
first ,  the case is way too big for this phone num_extend screen  .
i returned this item and purchased a nordic ware original bundt pan which is heavier in construction weight .
of course ,  there are plenty of things you can do with them if they work .
this really affected my reaction and taste to the coffee .
the problem with these are the packaging ,  the size ,  and the stickiness .
in my opinion this was a waste of money and time .
it is very strong ,  and reminds me of new orleans coffee without chicory .
the charger stopped working and broke shortly after i purchased it .
not much of a difference if any difference was noted .
this little pan seemed perfect for my toaster oven .
i think you could do better for the price .
this product is inexpensive for a reason i guess .
unfortunately ,  this didn t occur to me at the time of purchase .
don t waste your time or money on this product .
short of assuming it s a manufacturing defect ,  it seems that this headset just isn t what it could be .
i bought this usb adapter to connect a second tivo to my home network .
i returned the unit and got a replacement .
i originally gave my review of num_num stars ,  but now i m changing it .
when it is actually working ,  it does the job quite well .
i have used this off and on since num_extend
i almost broke it when i tried to get it off my phone .
why did i buy this ,  i don t know .
save your money and spend $ and get a higher quality product .
if i find that it does work ,  i ll update my review .
i tried this when i bought it a few months ago .
this product is a wonderful idea ,  and works like a charm .
i was so excited when i found one for my kids that i purchased it immediately .
doesn t go far in actually protecting the phone .
dropped my rating from four stars to two .
i do have a couple of back up batteries that are always charged ,  so no problem .
however ,  i was impressed with the results of their products .
the  ear attachment  and its hinge is made of flimsy loose plastic .
if i could give this minus num_num stars i would .
i have several issues with this iphone after using it for the last year .
it hurt my ears to use it via headphones ,  even when only one earbud was in use .
beware !  the bowl looks like it would work well if it wasn t so small ,  returning .
unfortunately it was a waste of money for me .
that being said it does appear to be well made .
so i came to amazon to look for it and thought i found it .
i was really excited about receiving this item in the mail .
when i first got it ,  i was excited .
this is one of listings for them here on amazon .
my num_num yo received this as a gift .
now i have a new phone so i m not so unhappy with it .
my num_num month old daughter received this for her birthday .
i m anywhere from a num_extend to a num_extend
i had the charger for less than num_num weeks .
i was excited to try this out but honestly i regret purchasing it .
supposedly this unit  which i otherwise like  is compatible with the iphone num_extend
i see many reviews saying that they re good for the price .
but what would you expect at this price point .
this item is ok if u just want extra batteries .
i really like the style and the material .
i mean ,  they have stainless steel in china .
i was excited to get this product and try it out .  .  . and i was sadly disappointed .
thankfully ,  i managed to reconfigure it myself to get it to work .
ha .  .  . i think it did an ok job ,  not great ,  but so so .
but ,  if you want to spend the money ,  then go ahead buy this .
you get what you pay for holds true for this item .
it proves you only get what you pay for .
i still have a larger presto steel pressure cooker ,  that works perfectly for years of use .
this item had pretty mixed up reviews when i was buying them .
i saw mixed reviews on amazon ,  but went ahead and bought it .
i really like the toy and my daughter loves it .
i ordered a num_extend and it is more like a num_extend
i was so excited to finally get these in the mail .
i tried fixing it but now my phone gets stuck .
i have owned this product for about num_num years now .
i was excited about this charger because it had two usb ports .
at first ,  i was very happy with this grinder .
currently sold here for $ per bag $ for num_num bags ,  less if you use amazon prime  .
only time will tell how long they last .
i think this thing worked for a week and that was it .
it s a very very cheap piece of junk .
i am not alone in this ,  as i have read other reviews on amazon . com and other places .
other than that they are comfortable and sturdy .
i told him that the reviews say that these are good .
so i d charge it every num_num months for one day each time .
might work on a ipod but it def didnt work for my phone .
they are much more durable ,  and can be used in the microwave too .
i can t believe all of the positive reviews on this product .
either way i wasn t too impressed with the battery .
the type of filter it uses is another irritation .
if something changes ,  i will update the review .
this cover protects the phone well but adds a lot of bulk and weight .
i purchased the itrip hoping to use it in my car .
the cookies are ok ,  though they are very crumbly .
this is an okay product . firstly ,  the product was not as pictured .
i was so excited the day this product arrived .
at first i was very pleased with this product .
i purchased these for my mother who has arthritis ,  tendinitis ,  and carpel tunnel .
i bought this to use to charge my cell phone ,  plugged it in and left it overnight .
i bought this after so many good reviews .
well ,  for the price i can t complain about the quality .
this is the spottiest bluetooth receiver i ve ever had the misfortune of using .
the battery does give the phone extended power ,  but not by much .
i ll be looking for an alternative to this brand .
it repeatedly forgets whether i m wearing it or not .
my num_num year old son got this for christmas .
they do look cool but even the $ skullcandy earbuds with poor sound quality sounds better than these .
i bought this particular model because all the good reviews that i read .
i ordered this from amazon ,  not amazon market place .
thsi phone case looks a lot better in the picture .
i bought a case of these based upon the reviews .
the drip pan is supposed to be used for baking as well as catching any drips .
i must say that it felt like a great product ,  i the other reviews are certainly deserved .
it was a christmas gift and he was pretty excited .
this wasn t cheap yet imo i think that it s a cheap product .
it was very easy to set up and worked great for about num_num minutes .
otherwise ,  the product appears to be as advertised .
also ,  their num_num is more like a num_extend
i couldn t get it to stay in my ear .
the only nice thing i can say about it is that it s lightweight .
if it was a little more sturdy it would be perfect .
after num_num months ,  the battery life started to degrade .
the product arrived as advertised and looked great .
other than that the blade is quality and sharp .
if this product were $ to $ i would give it num_num stars .
i take a size num_num in shoes without a problem .
you definitely get what you pay for in this case .
if it wasn t for these two issues ,  i would have rated num_num stars .
i own num_extend num_extend and this num_extend num_extend
there are alot better knives out there that are of higher quality for almost the same cost .
i bought this product based on the reviews i read here .
this is only num_extend whereas most are num_extend
my son received this as a gift last christmas .
this product works better than i expected ,  but not as well as i would like .
i am glad i got it on sale but still think i paid to much for it .
have used other screen protectors and had better luck than with these .
the controls are set up fairly straightforward and intelligently ,  but it stops there .
i bought it but ended up throwing it away .
they were not only inexpensive but also cheap .
i agree with several other reviewers about this product .
i was so excited because of the great reviews i read .
good price but i would be willing to pay more for a better product .
i have used other products that i like much better .
it was half the price of the c . b .
this is a very small usb charger for your car charger .
i like the color ,  the fit and the feel of them .
it s really bulky also which i didn t like .
i read so many good reviews in so many places .
i do love strong coffee but this is virtually undrinkable .
to be fair ,  i have tiny ears that are close to my head .
the description says it doesn t ,  but it does .
the case was perfectly fine .  .  .  . but the back of my phone cracked from one side to the other .
for younger children i can see how it d be fun .
just leave a note as a comment to this review .
i m going to search for another new set now .  .  . sigh .
also ,  batteries last only a few weeks at best .
the one i really wanted is the one with the issue the white one .
makes it difficult to plug the charger up to it .
i must admit ,  i like to be very aware about what kind of food i am eating .
i hung up and she called me back .
as far as the product though ,  i like it .
we ll see how long the second one lasts .
however the real problem is that they scratch so easily .
i decided to try these based on all the positive reviews and the price .
this was purchased as a birthday present for an num_num year old .
same result ,  even though i used a bit of butter .
i ve worn this style previously ,  and really liked it  ,  so i decided to buy a replacement .
i would not have purchased it after seeing all the not so great reviews here .
a  it takes up a lot of room .
i read the other reviews but decided to give this a try anyway .
you get what you pay for in this instance .
when it did work it worked very well .
i been using this for about num_num months and it haven t done nothing for me  no difference  .
my friend wanted to sell it ,  so i got someone for him that brought it .
voice a call from my contact list of from a spoken number .
i wouldn t have cared so much if it was not a gift .
the second time i used it ,  it came apart .
first the case made from a hard plastic that gives it a very slippery feel .
i had no idea it was so small .
to be fair ,  the case will protect your phone just fine .
i really wanted to love this ! it does smell pretty good though .
and sometimes if you add any salt it will not work .
it was too small so i ordered a size num_extend
also notice in the picture the battery has num_extend  wich is original manufacturer  ,  yet the one shipped is num_extend
i bought this because it was only $
i bought some on amazon ,  and it was the same .
the spf num_num is much better in this brand .
but it did make my ear feel really irritated after a few days .
but i guess you get what you pay for .
for me it was a waste of money and time .
wish i had known that ahead of time .
i read good reviews on amazon and bought this .
my first pair having purchased at least num_num years ago .
after reading all positive reviews on another site ,  i decided to give it a try .
there are other inexpensive screen protectors out there that are much better at resisting scratches num_extend
price was ok but i found better for same cost .
for example ,  a digital camera ,  num_extend player ,  external hard drive ,  cell phone ,  printer ,  scanner ,  etc .
the good news is i was able to sell it for what i paid for it .
it s a decent product but dont get ripped off price wise .
it just didnt live up to what i thought it would be .
i wanted to like this ,  and bought it based on reviews here on amazon .
it also seems to have many components of cheap plastic .
i bought this for my bf and he loved it at first .
when i received the product i was so excited ,  but soon disappointed .
there are less expensive ones on amazon that work just as well .
the packaging is great and amount of product is okay .
the price was amazing and i have prime so i was going to get them in two days .
i followed all of the instructions and at first it seemed to work great .
other than that ,  i did receive it ontime just as the company promised !  .
its hard to put on ,  hard to take off ,  hard to keep on .
if you re going to make a case make a case .
it is a really great color and the look is appealing ,  but the good features stop there .
then i would have given it more stars .
this is a very cheap piece of equipment .
i have another oven thermometer which is much closer to the temperature of my oven .
even if cheap ,  screen protectors usually apply better than this one .
i had to recharge these batteries during the day .
i bought this for my mom ,  it worked fabulously for num_num months .
i bought this case and initially i was happy .
for that much money i would expect better quality .
however ,  it is a mess to clean ,  and is fragile .
this is probably because the components are cheap chinese plastic .
a waste of money and i never used it .
i m glad i tried it out ,  but no thanks .
not even worth the dollar you pay for these screen protectors .
i m afraid to say that my experience with this product was not good .
they do the job ,  but they aren t really very good .
relatively inexpensive ,  especially at the price i paid ,  but not worth $
it turned out to be a big mistake .
for the price ,  you get what you pay for .
i have to take the phone out of the case and at that it just barely fits .
my battery was definitely an old and very used battery .
it drops my connection from time to time .
spend a little bit more and purchase a quality product .
oh ,  and beside being larger then suppose they are heavy .
not so sure i would purchase from this seller again .
doesn t seem to protect my phone at all at the time .
i read a lot of good reviews ,  so i decided to give it a try .
when i ordered this item i had to wait because it was on back order .
it didn t and i pulled again quite hard .
the only good thing about this is the remote that comes with it .
not !  others i see give it num_num or num_num stars .
because of this i had problems with this product .
i am surprised considering all the good reviews .
they have a nice fit ,  cut loose and the material seems strong .
on the bright side it s clean looking ,  stylish ,  and compact .
i loved the price but i must say it just feels cheap .
i cannot stress this enough :  battery !  battery !  battery !  it lasts for less than num_num hours under normal use .
its too hard to get in and out of the pocket .
probably a good price and the mirror looks well made .
so ,  i guess that means i need to purchase another one for myself .
finally  as others have mentioned  ,  there are absolutely no instructions to help with installation options .
i bought these headphones to wear when exercising in the gym .
first of all ,  it makes an already bulky phone even bulkier .
i still use it anyway and have been using it for about a year .
i purchased this cable to replace my standard rgb hookup for my num_extend
the price for them are good ,  but not worth these headphones .
i read the range of reviews before trying this .
i bought the velbon num_extend when it first came out a couple of years ago .
provides good protection and feels well made and comfortable to hold but .
it was so cheap in price but the item was also so cheap .
i guess i didn t understand what it was all about when i bought it .
for the price ,  i figured it was a bargain that was likely to be a good investment .
the range on the bluetooth is limited and that causes some problems .
uau !  i am surprised with how so small it is .
the battery on this phone is the worst by far .
i bought this to use it with p . o . s .
i ordered one because of all the positive reviews .
it is tough to fit in my pocket with the case on and it catches on everything .
but it is cheap ,  and will do as an emergency or texting phone .
this is made out of very cheap plastic .
the plastic seems fairly flimsy ,  and i am not sure whether it will survive really active play .
it works in coffee ,  especially really strong coffee where the coffee can over power the bad num_extend
based on my experience ,  i would recommend that one . plantronics voyager num_num bluetooth headset  retail packaging  .
if i could give this product num_num stars i would .
i bought this because i saw all the good reviews ,  but i ended up returning it .
not as soft of leather as i hoped .
now i m using it up as a hand soap .
well it broke after it ran out of batteries .
the battery i purchased at the same time would not fit .
the price is much higher but the quality is far superior .
i had this product for little over num_num months .
i would use this for about num_num minutes once a week .
this toaster looks really nice and i like how it s fairly compact .
i m not at all pleased with this product .
spend a couple extra dollars and get something else .
i can use the earpiece to make or receive a call ,  talk for a few minutes ,  hang up .
why i bought a second pair i can not say ,  i guess i liked the sound quality .
it is very ,  very difficult to clean ,  frays easily and ,  frankly ,  never cleans up completely .
only had this case for about a month and it broke .
kind of cheap ,  but you get what you pay for .
but in the end ,  you get what you pay for .
i know everyone praises this product ,  i wanted to love it too .
it s a much better product ,  and at a much lower price .
sound quality was not so great but ok .
i read all the reviews on this item and it looked like a good deal .
and yes it fit perfectly in the correct phone it was made for .
i got the battery and it seem to drain faster the the oem one .
i went through num_num of these within num_num years .
i get better reception with the wired antenna packaged with my receivers .
was this a old battery amazon sent me ?  now i have to buy another battery .
both are available on amazon and have glowing reviews .
i ve had no issues with that in the past .
this unit does clean very well when it does work .
they look a little different ,  but feel the same .
worst of all the popcorn doesn t taste half as good .
i bought this after reading all the reviews because i was curious to try it out .
this machine looks good and made good coffee for about a year .
it also looks a bit cheap in my opinion .
like many things that seem too good to be true ,  it was .
bought this from  local store  based on the low price .
it was difficult to use and i did not feel it cleaned well .
i bought this hand vac based on the glowing reviews .
the cord isnt even that long so good luck on that .
i thought i m getting a good deal here .
i have major problems with the bluetooth dropping the connection at random times .
i bought this for my num_num year old daughter .
ive been using this for about num_num months and i dont really see a difference .
in this instance ,  you get what you pay for .
thought i will try this based on the numerous good reviews it has .
also my skin looked great when i was using it .
as for audio quality ,  well ,  you get what you pay for ,  but it s not too bad .
seller was great and item did arrive on time .
i ordered two and one of them arrived totally broken .
spend a little more and get better quality .
it adds a lot of bulk to what is supposed to be a small phone .
i ve used cast iron in the past and this thing is lacking .
i can t give a fair review on this ,  because i haven t used it yet .
the old saying  you get what u pay for  .
it fit him perfectly and was almost too small .
unfortunately ,  this product is being misrepresented in the pictures .
it is a very lightweight and somewhat cheaply made seeming device .
poor battery life num_num hours of very little use drains the battery .
i bought this product based upon the positive reviews it received .
first ,  the sound quality is just not very high .
bought this under the influence of many positive reviews .
it s also very loud ,  even on slow speed .
it seems rather cheaply made .  .  . but seeing how i paid only $ suppose i can t complain much .
i ve been reading the reviews here in amazon and i was interested to try this product .
however ,  for christmas i decided to send my daughter one as a gift .
it has very strong plastic smell almost like glue .
first off ,  the product was delivered in very good shape and was well packaged .
i used it every day for a month .
i am num_extend num_extend and the one size fit well .
hi ,  i bought this product with high hopes afer reading some great reviews .
but here s the thing ,  you get what you pay for .
something i use a lid for now that is very inconvenient and doesn t work very well .
i ve used these before and they have been great .
i should have been cautious because of the price but i thought i would give it a shot .
i was excited to get this because i read all of the great reviews .
they can t be sent through the dishwasher so that s not so good either .
i like the idea of this product a lot .
i ve bought two of these ,  a year apart .
other than the marks ,  the case is good for the price .
some $ skull candy earbuds have way better sound quality .
i initially was drawn into this product because of the appearance and other reviews i ve seen on amazon .
but after reading the reviews i m leaning more towards the waffle maker itself .
this battery worked great the first time i used it .
i was disappointed ,  to say the least ,  in this product .
i bought these based on positive reviews ,  but my results were poor .
i seem to do best when i keep fit and to a clean diet in general .
the product is good ,  it just doesn t work for me .
although the color is great the product itself is not .
that s just not terribly fast compared to other chargers on the market .
i m really shocked at the positive reviews i ve seen of this product here .
i do not know how long it will last .
if you like coffee to knock you right on over ,  then this might be for you .
after i initially bought this item ,  i was thrilled with it .
with all the great reviews ,  i thought i would give it a try .
you are definitely getting what you pay for for this one .
i now use an anker backup battery that i carry around in my pocket .
just to let you know ,  i m an american and i love buying american products .
not as great as i had expected it to be .
i like a smooth full flavored coffee and the fresher the better .
i ve used a number of bluetooth headsets and this is among the worst .
i bought a pair through amazon warehouse deals ,  that were in like new condition .
so it s a waste of money in my opinion .
does it do what it is supposed to ?  yes .
for the last several years i have bought them from amazon with no problems .
this bag is very fashionable and compact ,  very well made .
did not like this product  ,  it did not work for me .
however at the price i couldn t turn them down .
it gets dirty awfully fast also due to the white color .
would love to have a screen protector that works .
i bought num_num of these as the reviews and price seemed good .
i see others have had the same problems from some of the reviews ,  so beware .
it is very heavy and a good prybar however .
the style is nice and size is cute .
i just use it now for a car charger .
it is ultra thin ,  yes ,  but if you want something small you really want an ipod .
i only like the fact you can charge you phone ,  and battery at the same time with this unit .
i agree with a lot of the other reviews out here .
it would only charge one device at a time .
here on amazon ,  this product has the following information provided .
to get a replacement battery ,  expect to pay around $
i bought these with high expectations after reading a lot of reviews online .
i purchased this product based on the other reviews .
i have had this vauum only a couple of months and i hat eit .
i like the quality and the scent of their products .
i found a similar device that uses num_extend and it works great for me .
i was surprised because some of the reviews were positive .
or at least ,  that s what it s supposed to do .
the packaging was surprisingly difficult to open and then reseal ,  too .
well ,  now you know why this item is so cheap .
very powerful but the noise is just too much .
i am glad that amazon has great customer service .
the first time the case broke ,  the plastic cracked off and shattered my phone .
ok ,  maybe not ,  but it s big and heavy and seems to get in the way whenever i use it .
the price is cheap but so is the product .
it is difficult to place the earpiece on my ear with glasses on .
my num_num year old got this for his birthday .
thankfully ,  customer service was excellent and i was refunded for the product .
the sound is great if there is no other sound around .
not even worth the num_num bucks i spent on it .
i own this headset and the sound quality is very poor .
in my opinion ,  though ,  the item is cheap in quality .
i was very happy with this product when i first got it about num_num months ago .
i ve never had a problem with those products .
i was disappointed to see that this product was made in china instead of brook s uk factory .
if i could give it fewer than num_num star ,  i would .
when i recently warmed something using this same method ,  the lid got all warped and weird .
i don t know what to say about this item .
it seems it works for others but not for me .
it works just fine ,  but feels cheap and is cheap ,  i guess you get what you pay for .
the only thing it does is make the phone bulkier and a little bit less slippery .
in order of num_extend it is extremely loud .
we use it in soup ,  side dishes etc .
so order a much bigger size if you want to try it .
the design and idea looks and sound great .
i bought a num_extend and am so very happy with it .
i m very surprised in the number of positive reviews for this item .
the leather is soft and construction is good .
on the plus side ,  it seems sturdy enough ,  but it s not comfortable .
after reading so many great reviews ,  i had high hopes for this product .
these also took a very long time arriving .
and it seems a bit small on me  lrg size  .
at night it s hard to ignore it ,  it s too bright and distracting when driving .
the case does not fit my phone well .
but ,  it s too loud for the bedroom even on low .
i had one of these for the past num_num years and thought it was prime time to replace it .
spend a little more and get something well made .
if i could give this lower than a num_num star i would .
however ,  it is true to size and well made .
if it doesn t work you can always return it .
they make your ears sweaty and put pressure on them during prolonged use .
i guess you can t expect much at this price .
i expected the same when i ordered this .
the bacon is very difficult to get off after cooking and it does not cook evenly .
i purchased the product even with all the negative reviews .
these screen protectors are inexpensive ,  but difficult to install .
if you are num_extend order num_num or num_extend
was anxious to try it so was looking forward to taking it .
the board itself is nice to look at and well made .
after that my ears are in real pain and i have to take the headphones out .
the fan is great in its design but not so great in its longevity .
changed the rating from num_num to num_num stars .
you get what you pay  says it all .
thank goodness i got this on sale dirt cheap because it s not even worth the $ i paid .
oh well you get what you pay for .
the seller was expedient in their delivery ,  and i received this product before the expected delivery date .
the first one cost half as much ,  but it was well made and worked identically to this one .
build quality is ok and they fit decently but there are better headphones out there for this style .
the actual item itself is a good one though ,  if it s working properly .
so i do know you get what you pay for .
but it stopped working after a couple of months .
it is so noisy i have to wear earplugs .
these are decent screen protectors but there are a few drawbacks about them .
i was very excited to use this product .
it s much cheaper ,  very protective ,  and actually fits the phone .
i looked at the reviews and thought i would try this .
you could turn the volume down but not up .
it also smells great ,  without the sour smell .
i really don t understand all the great reviews for this product .
otherwise ,  i would probably have given it num_num star .
to be fair ,  i have a high frequency hearing loss .
for $ you get what you pay for .
for one thing ,  it was much smaller than i thought it would be .
a regular can opener is so much better .
i can squeeze in this shoe ,  surprising that fitflop shoes are quite small .
after nearly num_num days ,  the odor finally started dissipating .
it looks cheap and just doesn t look like the picture .
but for something as expensive as this ,  i expected better quality .
i bought this item upon reading the reviews .
this is my second time around using it .
i am using my old num_num year old oster and it is still working .
this is cheap and deserves the low price .
first of all ,  it took a month to arrive .
i had to break the case to take it off .
if that would have stayed on i would have given it num_num out of num_num stars .
so far so good ,  but it s only been a month .
i own several pairs of num_extend num_extend num_num and num_extend
if it does work out ,  the price is such that i might buy a few more .
tested same set up on phone and stock battery is much better .
i bought a much larger one and it works better than this one .
it is cheap so i guess one has to kind of expect that .
so ,  my advice to you :  save yourself the disappointment and go buy one of those .
sounds neat .  .  . but it s too good to be true .
well it appears to be a different story with the coffee maker .
easy to brush out and rinse and start over .
i bought it since the price temporarily dropped .
it is made of cheap plastic ,  and is not the most durable .
i literally used it for about num_num minutes and the batteries  which were brand new  died .
i bought one of these and it worked fine .
i wish i would of known that before i bought this one on amazon .
i bought it based on the reviews i read on a website ,  but i should have known better .
did what it was supposed to ,  but stopped working after num_num months .
i ve purchased two of these and they worked fine for my needs as long as they lasted .
my ear got sore from me trying it on so often .
it fits my phone perfectly; however ,  it is so bulky that i am not able to charge my phone .
to start ,  it is cheaply made !  it s a very cheap piece of plastic that sits on a plastic base .
i purchased this item a couple of years ago and ,  until today ,  used it two or three times .
on a bad day ,  the battery lasts less than num_num hours .
i guess for the pricing you get what you pay for .
you pretty much get what you paid for .
the problem is that it is very thick and heavy .
the unfortunate thing is it takes a long .  .  . long time to heat up .
i took a risk with the dirt cheap price and thought i would come out fine .
there is nothing wrong with the quality of this coffee .
my son got this as a gift for his num_extend birthday .
i m really surprised to see such positive reviews for this product .
this product is ok but seems to be made cheaply .
my joints don t hurt as much ,  but i do notice that my lower back is less flexible .
people on the other end of my calls could not hear me .
when it arrived ,  the box was a bit mangled and wet .
i feel this was a waste of time and money .
i don t know if it is the battery or charger causing the problem .
however ,  it is very easy and very repetitive .
this is cheap ,  but it is also very flimsy and small .
it worked great ,  i didn t have any leak ,  but when it came to cleaning it .
i read the reviews ,  some good and some bad .
first of all ,  the iron is very big and heavy .
i thought my batteries went out and changed them .
when i received it though ,  i was disappointed .
i figured i would give this one a shot .
if you listen to earbuds ,  then these headphones are great .
i wasn t happy with the product after all .
i bought this on amazon only to return it shortly thereafter .
i ve had this bag for over num_num years .
i bought this because the price was good .
there are better products out there for the same price .
it s cheap because it is very cheaply made .
i bought this because of all the glowing reviews .
also ,  it s white ,  so it shows dirt and grime very quickly as you wash .
as this charger will not charge your battery that well don t waste your money .
i am surprised by all the good reviews on this product .
it s not what i expected and it is to small .
i read the reviews before purchasing a stick vacuum ,  and thought this one had the best reviews .
the backpack itself is nicely made ,  and i love all the pockets and space provided .
heck the shipping price was more than the product .
i purchased this awhile back even bought extra eneloop batteries .
i didn t find anything special about this product .
first the good ,  the setup worked easily enough as it connects pretty effortlessly with an android phone .
ive been using this product for the past month or so .
i returned the first one for a replacement .
i was willing to pay more for better quality .
i don t know what else to write in order to leave this comment .
i read the reviews and thought for sure i d love it .
i ve used this before but it had been a while .
but then after about num_num months of use ,  it just completed stopped working .
before buying this i had read various reviews of some folks liking it and others saying it s too small .
unfortunately ,  that s the only good thing i have to say about it .
for the price i expected a better quality product .
slightly too tight  i do have a big head  .
i think next time , i ll buy a size bigger .
i have a fagor num_num quart pressure cooker that works great .
as for the material ,  it s light but cheap .
it s cheap and so i think you get what you paid for .
i was hoping this would be great like the other reviews said ,  but it didn t happen for me .
after having read all the positive reviews ,  i was expecting really a lot .
i guess i shouldn t have expected much for the price i paid .
try another brand of protector or just trust that your screen is tough enough to regular wear and tear .
i d give this game num_num stars if that was possible .
when we first started using it seemed to work well .
if you like grounds in your cup ,  this is a great product .
this is one of those cases where you get what you pay for .
i decided it wasn t what i was looking for .
the charging port isn t accessible with it on .
also ,  the people i talk to tell me they cannot hear me well .
so i don t know if it is good or not .
i guess i got what i paid for .
the light is decent ,  when it decides to come on .
i am disappointed in the description of this product on amazon .
it is plastic and looks rather cheap and the color is not good ,  at least not to me .
like all the positive reviewers here ,  i was very happy with this unit when i first bought it .
when the system is working ,  it works very well .
i love the idea of the meatloaf pan and it works terrific .
i m not a connoisseur of tea or coffee .
fabric and construction seemed to be very good .
it s just a bit unwieldy . another point that concerns me is the method of cleaning .
granted ,  it is quite inexpensive and the consumer can only expect so much at this price point .
they are beautiful and well made but the lids just don t fit right .
after reading the reviews i thought i would give them a try .
people have had a hard time hearing me clearly .
the seller immediately refunded my purchase  great service  ,  so now i m ordering another product .
good product if you get what you pay for .
the price was better than at local stores ,  so that is why i tried it .
this was too big ,  too heavy and too ugly .
try it if you have some extra money and you might enjoy it .
i bought this because of the rave reviews i had read on the web .
i bought these for my son to play with .
yes ,  it looks decent ,  but the thing is huge .
thought i would give this one a try .
i am surprised at all of the good reviews which i used when i selected these .
i thought it would hold more than it did .
it didn t work when i first used it ,  and never worked after .
my biggest problem with the bluetooth headsets is they are not loud enough .
i also found this item to be quite expensive too .
i bought this because of all the great reviews .
real stainless steel is supposed to not rust .
update :  after contacting the company they refunded my money .
i should have spent the extra money and got a better built unit .
this is over $ and i d say it s worth ,  maybe $ to $
the lid on the bottom is hard to get on due to how flimsy it is .
i think this was on sale because the lid doesn t fit properly .
on the first try my bacon did not come out crisp and was still greasy .
the plug on this device is very short and likely won t work when the phone is in the case .
perhaps it works for some people ,  just not for me .
i was very hopeful when i first ordered this product after reading all the great reviews .
another issue concerns battery life ,  or more specifically the lack thereof .
for this amount of money one expects a high ,  quality ,  refined product that will last for years .
i do not think there was anything wrong with the product itself .
i stopped using this pos headset my phone is doing just fine .
i have ordered these several times in the past .
i am a big fan of cappuccino s and latte s .
the good stuff is the size and easy to carry around .
to me ,  for the price ,  it s made cheaply .
i returned it to amazon and ordered another one from another seller .
i have purchased num_num these in the past months .
the good news is that the screen is beautiful .
i knew it was small but i didnt think it was that small .
i have gone through num_num of these in num_num years .
i bought it and sadly had to return it .
for what i paid ,  it was not a good value .
so i bought one from a local store .
when i bought this case i was excited ,  because it looks really cool .
once on it was a tight and fit well .
i was excited to get these in the mail .
i did that last night and it seemed to be doing okay .
but i seriously wouldn t pay more than $ for it .
i thought this would be a good alternative .
the sound is not very loud at all .
my head is average but this fits a bit big .
unfortunately i bought $ of it because it was a lower price .
my order arrived promptly and in good condition .
i bought this based on the positive reviews .
however ,  the bristles are incredibly stiff ,  even after weeks of use .
after hearing so many good reviews i had to try it .
a minor complaint for several reasons ,  but still bothersome .
i ordered this product and received my shipment in a timely manner .
i really dint like this product as per the quality and ol .
i ve had them on for about a month or two now and no punctures .
i ve been using this for awhile now and gave it a chance .
turns out this one was a lot larger .
when i purchased this i thougt it was a bigger version .
before i purchased it ,  i read a lot of good reviews about it .
very cheap feeling but hey for the price it is what it is .
the only problem i have is with the cleanser .
i ordered a similar product about a week ago ,  and it works flawlessly .
i would recommend that you give it a try for yourself .
i do not understand all the raving reviews .
i ve only been using for a week ,  not seeing much improvement .
this is no more than a dollar store item .
i really love the design of this product .
buy num_extend instead and you will be happy .
i seem to just run into random problems with this phone .
the color and the texture is nice; but .
in sum ,  it was a waste of money .
ok i have owned this for over num_num years .
thick ,  colorful fabric and obviously quite good construction .
it was broken when it arrived and then when i received the replacement it broke again .
but consdiering the price .  .  . i got what i paid for .
for the price ,  i expected them to be better quality .
i initially bought these because of the high reviews on amazon .
it might cost a little more but will be well worth it .
i have to say that amazon is great about that .
my daughter received this as a gift for her birthday .
i guess you get what you pay for !  .
the soft cover comes off the phone very easy .
i purchased this item on march num_extend num_extend i have successfully used it about num_num times since then .
it s a large phone and awkward to carry on your person .
it stopped working after about num_num months though .
so ,  i was looking forward to trying this .
the only thing going for this product is that it is inexpensive .
it s pretty bulky and it seems to be too high for me .
also ,  buy a size larger than you think you need .
i was fairly excited to hear about this product .
my otterbox for my atrix num_extend does not have this problem with the attached screen protector .
i bought these because i ve had very good experiences with this style of headphones in the past .
i m really not understanding the good reviews on this product ,  it just doesn t make sense to me .
not the best item at a great price .
so i figured i d give it a try .
had high hopes after reading some of the positive reviews here and elsewhere .
i ,  too thought this would be a great product based on the reviews .
it s not soft ,  like i thought it would be ,  but not hard either .
i ve owned previous versions of this headset and they worked ok .
i read many positive reviews and wanted to give it a try .
my son got this for his num_extend birthday .
so i thought i d give this a try .
i have two older computers on my home network running windows xp that have ide .
i thought i d give this one a try .
its quality is as cheap as the price .
even after reading a lot of decent reviews on this to decide to buy it .
i bought this because just about all the reviews said it was good .
if i get it going i will update my review .
the reviews looked great ,  so i went ahead and got it .
for me it was a total waste of money .
it has always been a reliable product and i have used it very well .
everyone raves about this product ,  but it s not all that .
i must say i was disappointed when i received this item .
still kind of works ,  but not the way intended to .
i may have to give up and try another brand .
i bought this a few years ago and replaced it after one year .
and the sound quality is pretty good ,  just wished i could listen with balanced sound .
it s kindof an awkward shape too so it s hard to store .
going back to the other brand i used to buy .
it is super cheap so i guess not too much lost .
as they say ,  you get what you pay for .
the product itself is not awful ,  it is just not for me .
spend the extra couple of dollars for a good one .
my knives were dull ,  and this sharpener didn t do the trick .
while it was working ,  the waffles came out great .
i knew that with a price like this ,  it was too good to be true  it usually is  .
the price was a bargain compared to the normal $ i typically paid but now i know why .
it worked great when i first got it .
however ,  i would recommend at least trying this one out .
at least the people gave me a full refund .
i think it is just a waste of money at least for me it was .
the up and down volume settings are either too loud or too quiet .
i ordered num_num of these bcos i love the colors .
i ordered form the oem shop a num_extend
i bought these cables to hook up a computer to a projector .
hard to take off when you need to as well .
i order this and received it and or course excited about it ,  i tried it .
i paid less for this than two aaa batteries .
also i received num_num stars not num_num as decribed .
i give this product num_num stars for what it claims to be .
right out of the box i could not get it to work .
it cost me almost $ but it still worth it then this cheap $ product .
i bought it from  beauty in style  with the order fulfilled by amazon .
i d estimate the num_extend i received would actually be a num_num or maybe even an num_extend
wow ,  never had an issue with my battery nor charging system .
this may be easy to use but it is not easy to clean .
for the price i paid ,  i was disappointed .
and to make it worse ,  the cord that comes with this thing is quite short .
i loved the product when i first got it .
so i eventually bought another one via amazon .
we bought this for our son for christmas .
this product lists for about $ and then is about $ when you buy it on amazon .
i m so glad i read these reviews before buying this .
i truly believe that the manufacturers have cheapened this product .
i had this product for over num_num weeks .
i had this for num_num months and the thing stopped working .
these are fine ,  though they are much cheaper if you went to buy them from a walmart .
it was pretty cheap so i can t complain .
so i gave this one a try and it s just .
i was sorely disappointed in the cheap quality of this product .
i know my fault for not checking measurements but still .
but i am very disappointed in this product .
extra slot for ?  save your money and buy some real knives .
you have to plug and unplug this in order to turn it on and off .
amazon was terrific with the way they handled it .
i will be trying something else in the future .
i ended up running it under hot water to release it .
omg !  thank goodness that i purchased two of these at once .
when the thing stays together in one piece ,  it s effective .
i guess i got what i paid for though .
after reading the reviews on this product i thought it was going to work amazingly ,  i was wrong .
a waste of money if you ask me .
i bought it because the reviews were decent .
looked great colors were bright and it looked amazing .
spend the extra $ to get the authentic product .
i was advised to spend the extra money .
i purchased this from amazon and of course had high hopes .
it doubles the size of the phone ,  and on top of that ,  it restrict the singal .
it looks really nice in the photos ,  but in real life it is rather cheap .
for starters ,  the knife in hand wasnt the caliber that i was expecting .
fell apart the second time i used it .
i bought this because of all the positive num_num star reviews .
i have tried to use it over the past several weeks .
the power button is difficult to find and push compared to the num_extend
the protector doesn t fit four sides of the screen perfectly .
the sound quality seems poor ,  compared with other bt devices i have .
i don t know what i was thinking when i ordered these .
i don t have a problem with most earbuds ,  so this is unusual .
the build quality seems good ,  and the softness is nice .
i wish it had a rechargeable ,  internal battery .
i like the material and how it was made .
it may be a nice product and a great price .
i bought this after seeing reviews raving about it .
i figured at $ had nothing much to lose .
the screen protector doesn t seat completely ,  and it is very shiny .
i am certainly glad i did not have to pay for it !  .
this item is well made and works as advertised ,  but it has one major flaw; it s design .
i bought two of these several months ago .
however ,  it ruined my screen protector and i had to purchase a new protector .
let me start with the good news  : d ,   : a .
gave it a num_num star for that reason .
they cost a little more ,  but they re worth it .
for the price they should last alot longer .
it is also very big ,  a lot bigger than i thought it would be .
it works great !   .  .  . but for only a day or two .
they should hold up for more than a couple of hours .
the gold is painted on ?  its not solid gold like it looks in the pictures .
though i sure that it works great for other ,  it just didn t work for me .
i ordered this as a replacement and in a year or so it also cracked and broke .
these headphones fit my head fine but the sound is awful .
the buttons do not line up on the case properly which makes the casemhard to use .
a cheapo one is only num_num bucks more and you can find real ,  full sized ,  affordable batteries for it .
i ordered these from amazon and not another seller .
i almost bought these ,  until i read the reviews .
i bought this because of all the terrific reviews .
so when i saw this ,  i thought it was just exactly what i wanted .
it works much more reliably and the sound quality has been excellent .
the volume with the headphones is lower than without them .
don t waste you money on this !  try a cheaper brand .
on the plus side ,  the sound is nice and loud in th speaker .
i was given one of these as a gift ,  so i used it .
the point of a car charger is to charge a smartphone .
the saying is true that you get what you pay for .
the headphones did not seem to fit properly on my ears .
also was weirdly big for my phone .  . like i had to kind of jam it into my phone .
oooh ,  yeah ,  it charges those batteries pretty darn quickly .
this bag is priced so cheap because that s exactly what it is .
then i had to be at home to sign for the package .
i used this product for about num_num months .
i thought by going the more expensive route i would be getting a better quality item .
it did seem well made and came apart easily to clean .
well ,  this one only worked for about a week .
i have read many reviews regarding these  g . i .
i ve been using it for a month now and can see no difference .
after reading the reviews ,  i was ready to order these for my num_num mo .
i never could get it to attach to my ear and stay there .
well you really get what you pay for .
it also took num_num weeks from the day i arrived for it to come in .
they just don t make things like they used to .
it does not come close to my expectations for the price .
it s nearly impossible to clean it properly because of that .
i purchased this scale because of the good reviews .
i had to buy a whole new set to replace this one .
overall for the price this thing costs its great .
it worked the first day i used it .
it could have been really cool but it wasn t ,  and for the money i spent i would expect more .
had to change my review from num_num stars to num_num star .
i watched some youtube video and someone advertised it and i thought of trying it .
same thing happened with the second one i bought .
for the price you expect something to protect your phone which also feels like quality .
this is one of those instances where you get what you pay for .
as others stated ,  i had been using this product for decades and loved it .
right price thought ,  i suppose you  get what ya pay for  .
for the price ,  i guess it s fine ,  but it wasn t what i expected .
i do have to say she enjoys it though .
also so slippery i wouldn t trust using it .
i put a new battery and it would not work .
much of the time ,  you get what you pay for .
i read the reviews ,  thought i d take a shot .
i ve had the case little over a month . obviously ,  i m not the only one with this issue .
i guess that is why i got such a good deal on them online .
i ordered the first one that seemed to be defective ,  which of course amazon was quick to replace .
it does fit perfectly on my iphone num_extend though .
when i first purchased this item it worked very well .
when i first got it ,  it worked really good .
after reading the reviews ,  this looked like a pretty good buy .
this is what i received when i ordered this product .
this is my only issue with the product ,  but it made them look a bit cheap .
it stopped charging my phone completely so i threw it away .
reading impressively positive reviews here ,  i purchased two of them .
for the price i would have expected better .
you definitely do get what you pay for .
these have a better mic then most headsets ,  but they just aren t durable enough .
i have to admit i only used this once .
well ,  i tried the product and i was a little disappointed .
i was buying these for my num_extend old dad .
i bought a battery tender to keep the battery charged ,  because of the lack of use .
at first glance ,  this bluetooth headset by blueant looks to be professionally made ,  and packaged .
when i first got this case i was really pleased with it .
the delivery was on time ,  so no complaints from me on that .
i was so excited when we got these .
i will stick with my old braun grinder i have had for num_num years .
it s pretty noisy when you set the fan to high performance .
the sound is about as good as bluetooth headsets can get .
i did receive this as part of the vine program at amazon ,  so i didn t pay anything for this .
i ended up just buying a speck candyshell case that fits perfectly and protects my phone .
i have a much better one that i paid the same amount for on amazon also .
i usually like oxo products ,  but this one is a fail .
i called hoover to order a replacement since the original one didn t work .
i though that ,  for the price ,  i couldn t go wrong with this product .
when it arrived ,  it was so heavy and bulky .
it s cheap ,  so i guess you get what you pay for .
when the audio is in use ,  the speakers deliver decent sound .
i just read the other reviews and decided to keep trying it .
the red sides are plastic and the black edging is like a hard rubber .
pretty meh quality sound etc . you can find better for roughly the same price if not a few bucks more .
very disappointed after reading all the great reviews .
if i held the usb cable in place it would charge my phone .
i ve been using that for a little less than a week now ,  and i absolutely love it .
compared to this grinder my earlier one was much superior .
i was using it with my samsung galaxy s iii .
i also based my purchase on all the great reviews on this product here .
i will add that amazon is an excellent on line company to do business with .
the reviews on amazon though made me duobtful .
i initially gave this a num_num star rating .
it didn t help that the screen protector is considerably smaller than the screen by design .
the product is great ,  but the description was wrong .
it did protect my phone when i dropped it .
the charger doesn t work and doesn t appear to be designed for these batteries .
as far as i m concerned this was a big waste of money .
also earbuds are not that comfortable when you sweat .
seems like it should last longer than that .
the suction cup is amazing though ,  that s the best part about this .
i didn t expect much and that is what i got .
i have had cusinart coffee maker for five years and the decanter never broke .
they are more expensive but some things are worth paying for .
also ,  the price is excessive considering that it doesn t do as claimed .
it worked well for about num_num times ,  then broke .
i have been using this for over a year in order to really give it a chance .
it obviously works for some people ,  but not for me .
i have bought two of these over the last couple of months .
i tried to like these ,  but they were just covered with salt and mostly pepper ,  way ,  way ,  too much .
when i went to plug the thing in it wouldnt really stay on .
the taste is a bit odd ,  to say the very least .
good thing it only cost me $ or so .
my daughter received this as a num_extend birthday present .
the gloves were the right size for me and are comfortable to wear ,  but the material is thin .
i was told i would have to pay $ for the warranty .
as others have mentioned ,  this is a good looking slicer .
i ordered this based on all the customer s reviews that seemed great .
so i tried to remedy the situation by replacing the battery .
plenty of better choices in this price range .
i had read other reviews and figured i d give it a try anyways .
the point of a ipod is to listen to music .
the battery life of this phone is also so and so ,  not so great .
it looks pretty and all ,  but i was hoping for pretty and functional .
i put it on and immediately washed it off .
it is very bright pink and not pastel as shown .
since it didnt work the first time i used it .
at about $ it s a much better value .
at first glance this rack seems well designed .
i bought num_num or num_num of these type cheap cases .
a wash cloth does more ,  possibly a wet paper towel as well .
i used this product for the first time last night .
after reading so many positive reviews about this product ,  i decided to take the plunge and order .
thus ,  i kept the charger as a backup .
i bought this because of the low price and the great reviews .
it arrived within a week with free super saving shipping ,  and return and refund was easy and no hassle .
just saying ,  like the reviewer above ,  i m sure it s a great product .
the charger gets hot when you are charging your phone .
the littlest one works for stirring drinks ,  and that s about it .
i wish i could give num_num stars ,  but i can t .
i tried a few other things ,  but i had no success .
it is cheap so i can t complain too much .
before i bought this ,  i read the reviews .
i was disappointed with this coffee maker in that it would not heat the coffee sufficiently .
the reviews were good ,  so i ordered it .
i will give to my daughter for her car .
to begin with ,  this case is very attractive in it s styling and is nicely assembled .
it is important to realize a major factor here .
it was for me a waste of money .
the case fit perfectly except the screen protector was bull .
this one broke after only a few months of use .
giving as much life a standard battery . even though they are rated higher .
my daughter got this from santa and she loves it .  .  .  . when it works .
the dock itself seems like its well built  from the outside  and the phone rests very well on it .
and lastly adds too much bulk to the phone .
did not help my phone to last any longer .
i did not like the consistency of this product .
with that in mind ,  i was disappointed with this product .
these batteries need longer charge times to cycle properly .
i was impressed with the customer service at first .
i was really excited to get it in the mail .
reading the reviews i have seen others mention this and it is a real negative .
it is bulky ,  not too small at all and not thin material .
this only gives you two thickness options ,  thin and thick .
i purchased a few of these because of the reviews .
there is a reason for the low price .
my daughter wanted this so much for her birthday .
sometimes when the phone is in my pocket it does not work clearly .
the price point is high for what you get .
fortunately ,  i paid less than $ for it but even then it s not worth it .
it s easy to put on and looks okay on .
i bought another product and i love it .
i bought it based on the great reviews .
i would of given it a num_num star if it wasn t scratched .
it cost a little bit more ,  but is a better value .
although ,  i do have to say it did clean up very nicely .
the product was working well and did what it said .
it wasn t as large as i expected  yes ,  i know i read the dimensions ,  but it seemed smaller still  .
the sound quality was not very good either .
the num_extend has rechargable batteries which they claim have num_num hours of use between charges .
but my problem was with the packaging and shipping .
doesn t stick well or fit well to the screen .
however .  .  . after using this battery for a while ,  i started to have issues with my phone doing weird things .  .  . crashing ,  etc .
but it doesn t . the good thing is that i bought it from amazon . com .
i give it num_num stars because quality wise it is ok .
i knew that these would be cheap  given the price  but wow .
there are others out there that are better .
i bought this stuff for my num_num willys jeep .
also ,  the handle arrangement is awkward and once again ,  does not feel secure in the hand .
so i replaced the battery and charged it in my phone .
to be fair ,  i m not a fan of many flavored coffees ,  but still ,  this wasn t good .
this is my first time trying this brand .
unless your ear is perfectly shape to conform to the headsets ,  it is a bad fit .
this headset works well and is a good value ,  but the fit is a constant problem .
basically ,  its a worthless lump of plastic to me .
i bought this for my wife ,  and she was thrilled with it for about num_num months .
sounded good to me .  .  . the packaging is easy to open and attractive .
other than that the product is great for it s purposes .
i m noticing as i get older that i have more arthritis pain and the msm does not help .
i bought this hoping it would be nice and it ended up being the cheapest crap you could buy .
i used this product for about num_num months before it suddenly stopped working .
yes it does protect the phone but that s as far as it goes .
a bluetooth set may bit a more but it is definitely leagues better than this junk .
the product description stated that these headphones are comfortable .
i have the opportunity to try several brands .
save you money and buy a real vacuum .
i have had the case for about num_num weeks now ,  the case has chipped and become discolored .
it says it is made for the htc  ,  but it is way too big .
it was removed and i moved to a new phone anyways .
i ordered this based on the rave reviews i saw for it .
got a good deal on it so i didn t feel so bad about the purchase .
recommend you spend a little more money to get the quality .
it fits around the glock and even kind of snug but thats about all .
oh well ,  i figured i was taking my chances anyway .
i d say they used it num_num times a week .
i found the taste to be lacking and a bit bitter .
decided to try this stuff ,  bought it at a local grocery store because i had a $ off coupon .
i saw all the positive reviews on amazon and picked this piece  o junk up .
i am disappointed ,  but it may not be the fault of the product ,  per se .
i bought this for my now num_extend old daughter .
i found one sold on amazon for about $ and it works great .
i ordered this to give to a friend s little girl  age num_extend
i bought it within num_num months ago and i barely used it too .
this is one of those times that you get what you pay for here .
if this is what you re looking for ,  then this would be a product for you .
charged it up and put my phone in .
i had a hard time hearing other in the earpiece .
if there was a rating lower than num_num star ,  i would give it .
i bought it after reading other good review about it .
i bought the motorola num_extend bluetooth headset a couple of months ago and i m very disappointed in this product .
it is also smaller than i now know i would like .
it would make a great on the go snack ,  or light breakfast .
prior to this breaking ,  it did make good coffee .
it just didn t work for what i wanted .
i don t have big hands and my fingers get trapped in the tiny handle .
i am not satisfied with this productat all for many reason after all .
i am disappointed  ,  to say the least with ,  with this product .
i have tried other ones and they did not work either .
i will post a review on that in a few months as well .
i loved this when i first bought it .
all i can say now is that you get what you pay for it .
thank goodness amazon is such a wonderful company to work with .
all i will say is you get what you pay for .
it looks pretty on the countertop but that s it .
i don t know what i was thinking when i ordered this .
however ,  i chose to order this from amazon because the price was cheaper .
first of all ,  i did read reviews and i figured i would give it a shot anyway .
having had several headsets ,  i am under impressed with this .
i have used them once or twice only .
it took me over num_num minutes to clean it .
i would give this num_num stars if i could but unfortunately i can t .
these are flimsy ,  falls out of glass ,  easily breaks .
this product does work on the iphone num_extend
i am not upset since it was only $ and i have prime so shipping was free .
don t get me wrong ,  they were pretty ,  very pretty .
i was so excited to get this mixer .
i dropped my phone with this on and the screen broke .
i originally gave this a num_num or num_num star rating .
so for me it was a total waste of my money .
i was wary of this product before i bought it .
it does come in a an easy to use resealable bag .
for most people that doesn t matter ,  i guess .
after reading so many rave reviews ,  i took the chance and bought two of them at a great price .
this product appears at first glance to be well made .
i finally got a different bluetooth that works just fine .
i really liked the form factor of these headphones .
it was for sure a waste of money in my book .
i bought this product because of the great reviews .
i have trouble hearing people on the other end and they do not hear me so well .
at first the protective case fit my phone .
i will not buy another cuisinart combo blender again .
timely delivery was the best part about it .
i see a lot of other reviews with this same problem .
i was very surprised to see so many very good reviews .
the part of the case that covers the front of the phone broke the day i got it .
i read a few reviews about this product and i thought i would give it a try .
i didn t expect this item to be that good as the reviews weren t .
i would buy a larger size next time .
it is a cute product when it works .
i saw it happen and couldn t believe my eyes .
it picks up sound ok ,  but not great .
from the picture it looks nice but in reality ,  it s cheaply manufactured plastic junk .
i do love the overall design of this product .
it worked maybe num_num months and then stopped working .
i have been using this product since sept .
maybe i will find another use for it .
i had high hopes for this product according to the rave reviews .
i have used these since they first came out and they have been great .
the liveaction grip works nicely to help you hold your iphone for picture taking or movie making .
keep this in mind if you are buying this as a present .
i m surprised that this product received so many good reviews .
it fit snugly and i liked the color .
i owned a cheaper one that worked better  :   .
but i m not a fan of the puroast low acid coffee ,  french roast .
it contains some caffeine that i didn t feel ,  but that is probably because i drink coffee every morning .
further ,  it s uncomfortable to wear and feels heavy behind my ear .
you won t be sorry ,  like i am for buying this .
look at some of their other products though .
i bought one of these after seeing that the overall reviews were good .
so i bought this considering it had decent reviews .
i ll be giving this to a relative for christmas .
i plugged this device into my car and attached my iphone cord and plugged in my phone .
it has cracks and a piece of plastic fallen off .
i thought maybe it was just mine ,  so i came to check the reviews .
i bought this charger and less than a month later it stopped working .
bought those at least num_num years ago and they still work .
it popped off and sometimes the phone didn t work with this case on .
i think it might be due to how hot it gets or just because it s crap .
i will give it num_num stars for this .
ta da ! if you found this review helpful ,  please let me know !  .
for waht i paid ,  i did not get what i expected .
have had to buy a replacement ,  bigger battery .
after reading the reviews on this product ,  i ordered it .
the coffee brewed is smooth .  .  . when the maker itself works .
but the sound was fine and really for the price it was ok .
i bought this because it was cheap and small .
one reason is because of the way the batteries fit into the charger .
bottomline is that this is a fine cover for those looking for a cool ,  snazzy cover .
for $ you can get a comprable pair .
for replacement and they finally sent me a replacement .
use is as an usb power source to recharge cell phone or other gadgets from internal aa num_extend
overall i was very disappointed in this product .
it makes great waffles ,  but don t expect this waffle maker to last long .
for the price i thought it could be better quality .
item was delivered couple days before the scheduled arrival time and the packaging was just fine .
in order to make ice cream with this contraption ,  you need to freeze the cylinder for num_num hours beforehand .
i m in need of another battery ,  but will look for another one if i have a choice .
i read the reviews here and all sounded good .
i had high expectations of this product because of the great reviews .
i was kind of surprised at the positive reviews .
man am i sorry i didn t check amazon first .
overall ,  this product is ok for the price .
the picture is much better than the reality .
i purchased this pillow due to having neck pain .
i was really not very impressed with this product .
this thing broke on me after num_num months .
i don t understand all the num_num star reviews .
i read so many reviews on this product . trying to get a feel for the taste reviewed by others .
it may be perfectly fine otherwise ,  but in my case at least it was a complete waste of money .
i purchased it for christmas num_num for my num_extend year old .
the reason why i purchased was because of the reviews .
i ordered a num_extend normally i wear a num_extend
i ve owned other screen protectors for other phones and didn t experience what i did .
it looks cool ,  but it s smaller than you see .
first it wouldnt even charge my motorola cliq xt but that couldbe because of the phone .
i was very disappointed after reading so many positive reviews .
first ,  it s entirely made of plastic and seems fairly fragile .
this is a great product ,  or would be if it worked .
other than that they product is pretty good .
at first i loved it since it helped protect my phone and made for an easy grip .
i purchased this product because of the reviews however i was very disappointed .
i have pain in the upper part of the back of my hands .
it is less drying and my skin feels wonderful .
i bought this and at first it worked great .
i bought it thinking i was going to love it .
if things get better ,  i ll update my review .
in fact ,  it s quite cheap looking and feeling .
the good news :  price is excellent and amazon fulfillment is amazing .
it is not fuzzy although it is pink .  .  .  . sorta .
i wanted to use for listening to podcasts and music as well as the telephone functions .
they are also apparently now made in china rather than the us or mexico .
this is a nice product except that it suffers from a serious design flaw .
not goodthe other thing ,  it didnt come with screen protecter .
plus you cant have your case on while it is on the dock it wont fit .
i have not found one that i truly like .
i bought this at walmart for just under num_num dollars .
but looking at the other negative reviews here i m feeling less generous .
i went to get an xxl and got a num_extend
changed my star rating from num_num stars to num_num star .
the smell is pleasant ,  and the texture is fairly light .
the sound quality leaves a lot to be desired .
well , i was expecting a lot more from an extended battery .
i thought this product would be excellent ,  but i find that the quality is not that great .
oh well ,  i guess i got what i paid for .
i am not knocking it as a product .
i read all the reviews so i thought it had to be good .
i bought this for my num_num year old son .
you also need to plug it into a usb port to recharge it .
i thought its just needs some getting used to .
you pay more but you also get a far superior product .
not surprisingly ,  i had trouble figuring out how to use it .
originally when i bought these for my husband he really enjoyed them .
nevertheless ,  it is made of good quality material .
i ve been through at least num_num of these .
i was ecstatic when i tried this product .
i bought this unit because of the rave reviews .
it might work for some but not mine .
when it came in i was so excited .
at first i was very happy with it .
this protector fits well on the phone front .
what i really find difficult to understand it why this product is so darned expensive .
bought one of these as a convenient way to charge and sync my ipaq glisten .
i have seen many positive reviews for this product ,  which is why i gave it a try .
the sound is not as good as the iphone headphones and not as loud .
the directions were followed exactly ,  so that was not the problem .
i was a bit disappointed with this product .
all this time ,  it made great coffee and it stayed hot all day .
she does seem to enjoy eating them ,  though .
i simply couldn t get this to work most of the time .
no ,  this was a fairly expensive mistake for me .
i did not much care for this product .
you get what pay for with this item .
i received this as a gift and i really ,  really tried to like it .
i ordered these because other reviews said they were good .
i thought switching to this brand would save me some money .
you will have to decide if you want to spend the money and see if it works for you .
it was cheap so i guess i could not expected more then what i got .
i have had it for over a year now and after heavy play it has held up well .
this coffee is finely ground ,  so it has a good powdery consistency .
it really does feel like wearing a helmet .
i bought this based on the reviews ,  and i wasn t impressed .
i will admit ,  the batch of popcorn i made the very first time i used this popper was excellent .
i have one of these units that is over num_num years old and it is still working fine .
the plastic it s made out of doesn t seem especially robust and i feel certain it will snap off eventually .
i was very disappointed when i finally received this product .
i bought this case for my canon num_extend
i got num_num of these for my boys for christmas .
thought i would give this brand a try but it does not work at all .
i received this headset and it was defective .
i read the positive reviews on this item ,  so decided to give it a try .
i love drinking hot tea and some of my favorites have lots of lemon .
this headphone probably sounds the best in all wireless headphones i have tried .
i have two in different sizes and love them .
it would be very good if it were just a bit larger .
i have changed my rating from four stars to only two stars .
i actually have had a lot of fun with it so far .
i purchased this for my num_num yr old son .
i bought these at a store after reading the multiple good reviews on amazon .
i bought the new bose bluetooth and love it .
so i cant say the product is no good .
this is a really cute toy and a good idea .
i bought it because of all the great reviews .
my skin has greatly improved since going natural .
was very disappointed as it did not last much longer than the original battery .
it is also really hard to take off .
i bought this as a lightening deal for $
i thought it would be a little bigger by the description .
i currently now shower with water and a wash cloth .
i am an audiophile ,  i have num_num pairs of headphones .
i know that there s a lot of reviews out there that talk about how  wonderful  this product is .
the color is nice ,  but the paint has begun to chip after minimal use .
i have nothing bad to say about this product and nothing good either .
i received a cheap version of the knife .
and ,  the result was a more dull blade than what i started with .
after reading the reviews i bought this thinking it would be great .
at least i assume it s the battery as i haven t replaced it yet . sure .
it is a soft style protector and that scratches so easily .
these earphones are well put together and at the price they could be outstanding .
besides this ,  they look fine and well made .
sadly i bought two ,  gladly they were cheap .
it will not fit people with small arms .
this charger puts out less than a usb port on your computer .
picture quality is excellent ,  easy to use and a very nice camera to look at .
but i guess i didn t expect much for this price .
there is a reason why they are so inexpensive .
that s all i have to say about that .
i think this was a waste of money .
when plugged in ,  the power button flashes red .
i had to scrub it off of the plates .
it looks so small and fragile and it actually is .
this time i got what i paid for ,  extremely cheap quality screen protectors .
i was very very dissapointed in this product .
it just didn t get loud enough for what i would consider a  normal  moderate listening level .
i only paid num_num cents for it ,  so no big loss .
i figured that was pretty good for the price paid .
i was like this is an awesome buy because of such a cheap price .
the only reason i bought this is because it got good reviews .
this saw is junk as a number of other reviewers stated .
unfortunately ,  when i use my ear buds the sound is too loud even at the lowest setting .
i m not sure i would purchase this again .
it is huge ,  but it does not turn easily .
it didn t work as well as i had hoped it would .
i like a fairly strong cup of coffee .
im just glad that it was so cheap .
my num_num year old daughter got this for her birthday .
at this price ,  it s just just way too expensive .
i liked the flavor but the entire consistency was just not for me .
i purchased num_num of these num_num months ago .
for the price ,  i was expecting something a lot sturdier .
>>i purchased this same item from another seller on amazon .
price seems high for what it is and vs .
i contacted the company directly ,  and they shipped me a replacement ,  thinking it was faulty .
i generally do a lot of research into the product reviews before confirming to purchase them .
i had to reset my phone and i really don t trust the ezo battery now .
it s more expensive at $ but worth it !  .
so when you order make sure you are getting the right size .
it does cover the screen well but not in the matter i wanted .
based on all of the reviews ,  i had to try this .
what you get is what you paid for ,  i guess .
i ll give another ,  more thorough review in a week or so .
how long that will last i have no idea now .
i bought this product because it had pretty great reviews .
i knew the price was too good to be true .
at first ,  i thought i had a faulty unit .
i have used other screen savers before and these rank right with them .
and last but not least it just did not taste that good .
the plastic front door is super flimsy ,  and looks like it would shatter on any serious impact .
i didn t notice any effects and i followed the instructions word for word .
these batteries do not hold a charge very well .
on the plus side ,  the coffee tastes great .
this knife arrived very dull and unfortunately ,  the handle is a little small for this knife .
the smell was okay ,  but i didn t like the sticky part of it .
the tool kit was great and worked well .
i read all the positive reviews and decided to give it a try .
at the price i paid i didn t expect much and that is what i got .
many of my friends recommended this for me .
unfortunately ,  this battery pack seems to lose its charge fairly quickly .
this battery is supposed to have nearly double the capacity of the oem .
i had such a hard time getting it out of my pocket .
after using this product for a month ,  i have noticed no effects whatsoever .
although this is not a deal breaker for me ,  it may be for others .
if i could rate them less than num_num star i would .
spend the extra money ,  it is worth it .
the product was sent on time but quality of the item was cheap .
it is cute ,  good quality ,  but way too small .
i will buy a recognized brand from now on .
i think it would be worth the extra money to buy something that will last longer .
i purchased this item for my num_num year old son .
i bought two of them on salefrom cvs @ $
maybe i ll gift them to someone else that likes them .
the screen is fuzzy and can be hard to get use to .
i have been trying this pawz for a week .
i purchased this charger for my samsung google nexus phone ,  and was quite disappointed .
i would have been better off if i had ordered a size num_extend
i bought this product based on many good review .
but they are made in china ,  which worries me since quality control is not too great there .
product is nice and good and i loved it .
i purchased this ,  based on all the wonderful reviews .
these products are not a sure thing for everybody .
read the reviews and thought it might be worth it .
this product could be better for the price that it holds .
not to mention that i had to wait over a month to receive it .
i decided to buy her this to just give it a try .
but eventually i started noticing that even my  freshly charged  batteries weren t lasting very long .
my parents bought this for my son for christmas .
thank goodness i got this on sale for $
that s the reason for a num_num star rating ,  otherwise i would give it a num_extend
otherwise it s nice and light weight and reflective .
i understand that what you pay is what you get .
i have to agree with some of the other reviews .
this is the cheapest this i have ever bought .
i had to unplug it for awhile ,  then reprogram .
but this time i am going to be more careful with it .
i love popcorn and thought this would be a healthy alternative to traditional microwave popcorn .
i am sure this is a good product for some .
this case is not bad ,  it just not that great .
i purchased this product about num_num weeks ago .
i use the rest of the soap as hand soap .
i purchased it as a christmas gift and it just isn t what i thought it would be .
i used this item maybe num_num or num_num times in the few months since i bought it .
so much for their caring and great customer service .
i ve been using this product for years ,  since the company first began .
i am sure overall this is a good product ,  but it wasn t for what i purchased it for .
it s cheap plastic ,  with poor fit and finish .
its also pretty easy and not very challenging .
i was very excited when this product came out .
i don t understand how this product can have those reviewsxoxo .
when i purchase flavored coffee ,  i want it to taste flavored .
i tried charging my htc evo num_extend lte with this charger .
i purchased this after reading so many excellent reviews .
it s a reasonable price but you lack quality in what you want .
i was disappointed after all of the good reviews i read .
after reading the reviews i had high hopes for this product .
i think in general this is a great product and see many rave reviews by others .
the creative muvo earbuds that came with my num_extend player are much better these sennheiser s .
after reading all of the reviews it seemed like this is the product i was looking for .
during the brief moments it did work ,  i encountered difficulty getting the earpiece to position properly in my ear .
was very excited after reading all the great reviews .
from all the great reviews ,  i expected a better quality ,  high performance knife ,  especially at this price range .
it was a great price ,  but maybe too good to be true .
i contacted the seller and was told they would send a replacement right away .
this is probably a better headset for someone with smaller features .
my little girl got this from her grandparents for christmas .
i bought it for my num_num year old for christmas .
the sound quality is ok but no better .
up until now ,  that has worked well for me .
i can not get my samsung num_extend phone to charge with this oem charger .
cheap and not easy to put on without getting lots of bubbles .
if you get one that doesn t work ,  you can return it and try again .
it takes getting used to and that s even questionable .
they are super cheap and work just as well .
i wouldn t purchase these again in the future .
i saw the reviews for this product and figured i would buy it based on the good reviews .
i understand you get what you pay for .
yes ,  this item is convenient at measuring liquids .
i found there were several things that i didn t like about this product .
i ve heard great things about this product so i decided to try it out for myself .
something about the flavor just wasn t right ,  for me .
when i received ,  i was disappointed because it s not what i expected .
the phone cord is too short to really use it as a phone .
it was ,  it failed after num_num months use .
i got these because they were cheap and i got what i paid for .
so i guess i won t be using this again .
this looked like a quality product at a good price .
as you suspect ,  it is made in china .
i read the reviews before i bought this product .
for a $ item it does the job adaquately .
clearly it s not made as well as the previous models .
i had to cut the rest with scissors .
the company was kind enought to refund my money and let me keep it .
on the bad side ,  these earbuds are very uncomfortable .
supposedly ,  the instructions are to charge the charger for about num_num hours .
i tried several of these and they don t work .
i use it on that thing frequently with no issues .
i ve bought num_num of these things in two years .
it s the same stuff and works just as well .
i loved this when i first got it .
that is what i have done and it works great !  .
although weight ,  sound and battery are good ,  i really dislike this headset s design .
had that one for over a year ,  works great .
so i just purchased this on sale ,  and i was so happy because i thought i d gotten a deal .
overall very disappointed in the product i received .
i m sure it is a good product ,  but it just didn t work for me .
the material looks very thin and like it can easily be torn .
i recommend to buy the bigger size  l lx  .
this battery fit into my iphone and that s about it .
if you put pressure on it ,  the plastic bends and creaks and wants to break .
they are much bigger than what i expected .
search for them here on amazon ,  and read the reviews on those .
my first num_num worked great and then the battery wouldn t hold a charge .
i have other headsets ,  but apparently this one has poor support .
this was just too big for what i wanted .
i bought this due to the good reviews .
however ,  i was shocked at how small this knife is and it s construction is below average .
if i could change my  star  rating from a num_num to a num_num star during and edit ,  i would .
it also helps individuals with rls sleep better .
well with this product; you get what you paid for .
it may be cheap ,  but still not worth the price .
i received a definite reconditioned one with a cracked handle that broke off .
i have long hair that is thick  lots of it  and coarse  thick individual hairs  and slightly wavy .
i was hopeful that it would be better ,  and the price was not that great .
i started using this and was initially happy with the results .
was very unhappy with this item and didn t feel this product did what it advertised .
i got that on amazon for $ and it works great .
i was so excited to receive this item in the mail .
size and weight are nice ,  and build quality is fine .
this is my second weber purchase  genesis was the first  .
this was my second purchase but i m not sure if this is original .
i spent $ on this charger and found my self using my original charger because this one is junk .
needless to say ,  i was not a big fan of this product .
not sure if the batteries are just bad or the charger is bad .
it may have been me but i think it is a bit too small for my unit .
it bunches up because it is maybe num_num inches across .
after reading such rave reviews about this product ,  i figured i would give it a try .
there are better products out there for my money .
this unit did not work well with my phone .
this product arrived in good condition and very quickly ,  and looks like it would be perfect .
material seems cheap though it does work as advertised so far .
i noticed that when i put it on it did not look right .
the earbuds were very comfortable  except for the weird asymmetrical cord  ,  and the sound was wonderful .
i purchased this and it worked great for a couple weeks .
so i started to read the reviews and found good and bad reviews ,  more of them good then bad .
so figuring the battery had run down ,  i plugged it in to recharge .
while i was fond of the solid plastic sheath i was expecting a product of much higher quality .
and that is why i give it only num_num stars .
i purchased these based upon the positive reviews .
i have num_num other pairs of jm shoes ,  same size ,  all fit well .
i bought this because of the rave reviews .
so now i have modified my review to be a num_num star .
if you have one already ,  get a timer based mechanism as described above .
the quality was good but the fit just wasn t right .
after reading all the rave reviews i thought i d love this stuff .
i bought one of these ,  thinking that the price is pretty reasonable .
i always like to check out reviews on amazon before i purchase things .
the price seemed right ,  and the reviews were decent .
it was used for less than num_num minutes .
this product  version num_extend works with my num_extend and num_extend
only had it for less then num_num months .
in this case you don t get what you pay for .
but that s not the only reason i gave it just num_num stars .
i purchased this device thinking was the appropriate one for my type of phone but i was wrong .
i do not mind that it is plastic ,  what i do mind is that it does not work .
at $ there are better bags out there .
i was really excited about this phone case when i purchased it .
by going by the pictures this looked much bigger then it actually is .
although it s more expensive ,  it is well worth it and works great !  .
had it for num_num months and it was working fine .
it is possible to make progress ,  but there is a steep learning curve .
so while this product works okay and is reasonably priced ,  it really isn t a bargain .
this product is cheap even for the price .
also ,  even the  quiet  music setting is pretty loud .
alas ,  as i already know ,  you get what you pay for .
i wasn t super thrilled by it ,  but it wasn t the worst flavor i ve tried .
i too went out and bought a seperate power cord and batteries .
i had to buy another one and the new one i bought is fine .
somehow i did not expect what i got .
will buy a new one in a few months .
the first battery held a charge for maybe num_num hours .
these headphones looked like they had quality and they did sound alright .
edit :  i had to take this down to one star .
i bought this when it was first released for the num_extend
unfortunately ,  just because it s one of the more expensive brands doesn t guarantee that it s better .
the battery i got ,  went down so quickly it was a disappointment .
i guess you really get what you pay for .
i wish i could give it num_num stars .
with all the positive reviews ,  i decided to give this a shot .
sure ,  it works ,  but once again it is very basic .
if they were a lot cheaper i would ,  but at this price it s not worth it .
if anyone has suggestions ,  please let me know .
i might try the other flavors ,  but this just wasn t all that great .
although this case may look nice and sturdy .
they are just not pretty to look at .
i would not buy it at full price .
save your money and just get rechargeable aa batteries .
i thought it would last at least a year .
i charged it for num_num hours and again the battery died after a few seconds .
i agree with all the one star reviews .
your computer needs a usb port because that s where your controller plugs in .
honestly ,  i don t really know why i bought it .
thank goodness it was only $ on here instead of the $ they were asking at retail stores .
and for those who say they like this product are lying or the reviews are fake .
the  stainless  steel has become stained through normal use ,  and the stains don t come out with scrubbing .
it still is a good buy for the price but simply not taht elegant .
this product leaves streaks and swirl marks on the paint finish its to rough .
in terms of sound ,  the music is quite nice ,  really .
it is really narrow and i bought num_num of them thinking they would fit .
unfortunately this did not . i used it when i first got it and it worked fine .
yes it is cheap ,  which means it was cheaply made .
to get my right case for my cell phone .
i wanted this to be comfortable so i bought it larger on purpose .
on screen the battery resembles the one that is in my phone but i received a completely different battery .
the blades are very soft which makes them extremely easy to sharpen but also easy to damage .
these were simply small than advertised and smaller than i needed .
i do like the overall shape of the knife .
the way this product goes on is not bad .
when i bought this it worked for charging my bluetooth headset .
i got one before and it was great .
this is so big ,  i didnt realize just how huge it was .
so i figured this would be a great solution and what an awesome price .
i thought it would be good due to some pretty good reviews here .
good product for the price ,  but didn t hold up as i would have liked it .
i have always been very happy with my cuisinart products in the past .
absolutely the worst screen protector i have ever used .
if you are used to better quality sound ,  then you will notice the poor sound quality in these headphones .
i m fairly disappointed with this ,  but it s not horrible .
dropped the phone and it cracked just like it did when i didn t have a case on the phone .
i was really excited to get this product .
i found this product to be a major disappointment .
when i got it in ,  i decided to go try it out .
i m also annoyed that i can t charge my iphone and ipad at the same time .
the other one i bought is much better ,  and it was cheaper too .
this tea does have a nice sweetness to it but the strong spicy flavor sends me away from it .
i have been using this thing for about num_num years and loved it .
i originally gave it num_num stars but i m giving it num_num now .
my num_num year old daughter got this for christmas ,  and she was very excited about it .
as i wear glasses ,  the over the ear type was not very comfortable .
this was just a waste of $ in my opinion .
by all means ,  i was not expecting much considering the item was under $
i have used this for a month and can t really tell if it worked or not .
i tried it out and was truly disappointed by this product .
i read the other reviews when i purchased this product .
i cant complain because i didnt pay much for it .
after reading the positive and negative reviews i decided to go ahead and buy this product .
plus ,  it s rather pricey for the amount of product you receive .
in the pictures it looked very nice on the white phone .
i keep thinking eventually i ll find a use for it .
i need a device that can be used a few times before having to be charged again .
this product is so overpriced for what it is .
i am baffled by the number of good reviews this product has .
and the case was so difficult to get off the phone .
thanks for reading !  i hope this review was helpful .
i am a bit surprised at all of the positive reviews .
this product did not work for me and was an utter disappointment .
i purchased this after reading the positive reviews .
the best thing i can say about it is that it makes wonderful tasting coffee .
i would have given this a num_num star if only i could get it to work .
lesson learned :  you get what you pay for .
i went back to my old bluetooth that this was supposed to replace .
i like the design concept of this phone case .
i really had high expectations for this product based on the highly rated reviews ,  but i was very disappointed .
the taste of the brewed coffee is adequate .
so i replaced the battery . the next time i tried it it was dead .
there are plenty of others to chose from .
perhaps there are some things this pan may be good for but for general sauteeing ,  frying etc .
i bought this item basically because of the reviews and price .
i couldn t believe how cleap it looked when i opened the box .
my daughter was so excited to get this .
i read the reviews and those encouraged me to purchase this product .
yes the price is low and there is a reason for that .
i did purchase another pair that seem to work well .
this is bad since i ve only used it a couple of times in the past num_num months of purchase .
otherwise ,  it seemed like a good ,  strong ,  plain coffee for those who like that .
i have lots of cuisinart products and i love every one of them except this product .
i don t stick this stuff in my dishwasher ,  i hand wash .
so i decided to order what i thought was a beautiful case .
the problem is with the very thin wires .
i was excited to get this because of the extra battery .
i ordered an num_extend and got a small .
they did arrive on time and were packaged well ,  however .
bought another brand from amazon and it s very well made .
i bought num_num of these for my girls .
i used anker screen protectors before and they are awesome .
this fan is loud and blows a lot of air in a small package .
by the way ,  to me it was smaller than i thought it would be .
btw ,  i paid $ at big lots for this .
as it is right now ,  however ,  i ll have to give it only num_num stars .
i got this item in a timely manner ,  no complaints about that .
it seems to be a well made screen protector but as i said ,  it is useless as is .
i guess that s nas !  !  not sure it is good or bad .
the earbuds constantly fall out of my ear unless i jam them into my ear .
my biggest problem with it however is its very short battery life and long recharge .
i looked through many of the reviews for myst here at amazon .
it s cheap ,  and it s cheap for a reason .
they are also kind of cheap for the money .
i liked the look of this case and read the mostly positive reviews .
it is small and the picture is deceiving .
while not a true coffee connoisseur like others ,  i found this coffee just ok .
perhaps i got used to another coffee which was much more to my liking .
i can t believe i actually bought this especially given the price .
the lights all over the thing are also extremely bright .
i suppose you get what you pay for .
i think this should not steer anyone away from trying this product because it looks to be well made .
and i just could never get it to work .
so i ordered it because i loved it so much and it wa a good price .
i have been having neck pain and thought this pillow would relieve some of it .
i have had coffee grinders that lasted num_num years .
i have put new batteries in ,  turned on and off ,  nothing .
on the stock battery ,  i would get about num_num hours of light to moderate use .
the range is better ,  the pairing is perfect ,  the headphones stay in .  .  . a much better purchase .
secondly ,  the picture quality is just not satisfactory for a num_num megapixel camera .
i was hoping to save some money and decided to try this one .
i returned it for a cuisinart which i am perfectly pleased with .
however ,  the company was great in giving me a refund .
as the old saying goes ,  you get what you pay for .
i had it on my windshield but in hot or cold weather it falls off .
when i found it on amazon for a much cheaper price i happily ordered it .
yes it happened to me first time i used it .
i would recommend any of their other products .
this headset is actually not a bad deal but it is not a great deal either .
i love hot tea in the afternoon as well as other  soothing  drinks .
first off ,  let me say this flatware set is extremely good looking .
for $ i don t know what i was expecting ,  though .
if you want a product that works ,  spend a bit more money for something of quality .
i actually would give this product num_num stars if it was properly packaged .
we also bought the rechargeable battery pack which didn t work straight out of the box .
i don t understand why this product is so expensive .
when i ordered this ,  i was expecting the product to match the description .
this coffee isn t bad ,  its just not one of my favorites .
i was excited to see that it came in a smaller size .
so i thought id try this ,  just to see .
this product in theory is a great idea .
not as good a product as i had expected .
thanks to amazon and their amazing customer service ,  i was able to return this for a refund .
i hope this review helps in your decision .
don t buy if you need a durable phone case that protects your phone .
i am a veteran baker ,  and have baked in regular bundt pans for decades with xlnt results .
even given that ,  these gigantic earbuds manage to chafe my ear in all sorts of uncomfortable places .
this product ,  on the other hand ,  is nothing special .
i have used other products in the past and never had a problem .
but i have never had any luck with knife sharpeners .
no way to really clean it completely so it is not real safe to use .
the microphone on the headset is overly sensitive .
i ended up with buying  moshi screen protector  for my iphone num_extend
because of this ,  i cannot get a great sound .
comes off easily if the phone is in my pocket or in my purse .
spend a bit more money and get something else .
i saw many great reviews and that these were the top of the line .
i intended to use it to grind spices .
must say that i m very disappointed in this product .
i guess it s really a matter of personal taste .
this is my second one ,  thinking the first one was broken .
i bought one of those hoping it would fit to buy more colors .
the case does have a nice rubberized feel to it but it is in two pieces .
i love the design of this bag ,  for my purposes it is just about perfect .
i tried this after reading all the fabulous reviews on here .
the knife isn t sharp and is hard to sharpen .
yes they are cheap ,  but their product quality is just bad ,  not to mention the equally bad customer service .
but if i wear them to long my ears start to hurt .
my installation didn t break the phone ,  so that s good .
i do like their other products a lot .
i m changing my rating from num_num star to num_num star .
i replaced the rechargeable battery with a regular aaa battery .
it s rather large in size ,  doesn t fit well into one s pocket .
i wish that i had gotten a different one .
okay ,  despite the bad reviews mixed in ,  i wanted to give this stuff a shot .
the good news :  the case fits an iphone num_extend with the unu battery case very well .
i wanted something that was cheap ,  and that is what i got .
so i contacted amazon and they sent me a replacement .
there is some person on youtube showing how to use this .
i have no doubt this knife would hold up well under a lot of use .
i just didn t know it d be so short .
i had high hopes after reading the reviews of this product .
don t let the cheap price trick you into buying this .
i bought a brand new num_extend lcd samsung .
it held up for about num_num months of daily use .
i had high hopes after reading several reviews .
spend a few bucks more and get something of higher quality .
that has lasted over num_num months and is still perfectly fine .
when it works ,  this blender does a fine job ,  and looks great .
please take this review with a grain of salt .
i was not that impressed with this product .
it does an okay job for me but it s far from an ideal product .
the quality is cheap but so is the price so you expect that .
the case may look nice and all but the materials used into making it is below mediocre .
to be fair to the seller ,  delivery was fast ,  on time ,  and my refund was timely .
i haven t decided if i am going to keep it or not .
i used this happily for seven months ,  and it worked fine charging a phone and an ipad simultaneously .
i got the coffee and made a pot .
i started working out a year ago ,  starting with gnc wheybolic extreme num_extend
when i first got this ,  it worked great .
i am doubtful if i will buy this brand again .
after seeing all the good reviews ,  i ran to purchase this product .
moreover ,  while it looks sturdy in the picture ,  it s pretty flimsy .
i ve used this product for a few years now and am familiar with it .
once the batteries run down and u put a new set in .
never again ,  and i bought two of these .
not as flexible as i thought it would be .
as much as i wanted a longer cord ,  this isn t it .
i guess that is what i got for what i paid for .
i have sense bought the num_extend num_extend  amazon  and couldn t be more happy with it .
i have arthritis in my hands and find this difficult to hold to make it work .
also make sure your buying the right size .
perhaps if you are just using this to spray a little oil on your food ,  it s ok .
the color is too bright to not be artificial .
i found it to be a definite waste of money .
i don t see how this case can be waterproof .
yep ,  i thought $ was a pretty good price .
it worked so well when i tried it .
i washed it and let it air dry .
it stopped working a couple of days after i got it .
bottom line ,  don t waste your money ,  there is a reason this headset was so cheap .
but it doesn t take up much room and doesn t cost much ,  so it wasn t a huge loss .
will now look for a num_extend one to purchase .
if you are between sizes ,  go for the larger ones .
i am really impressed this product gets such good reviews .
on the plus side ,  it is very pretty .
well it was tolerable ,  but not very good .
i just don t understand how this thing is supposed to work .
my son wanted this so i got it for him .
i thought id buy this ,  it seemed like it had decent reviews .
this results in less flavor being extracted from the coffee than with a fine grind .
i ordered these for my daughter for christmas .
looks nice ,  but the plastic feels very cheap and one good wind and it will rip .
when i first got this product i was quite delighted .
for me it was a waste of money .
so ,  overall ,  i am displeased with the product .
its also to tight for my phone and literally so hard to get your phone out of the case .
i was enthused when i first saw this product .
my son got this as a christmas present .
these cables work for charging but not for data .
i had to go and pay $ for a proper screen protector .
the positives :  my waffles baked up crispy on the outside and beautifully tender on the inside .
the original battery works for num_num to num_num hours under extreme use .
the usb cable disconnects from the charger allowing you to use the cable for other things .
as far as i am concerned it was a waste of money .
ok ,  i read many reviews and was shocked how much people like this one .
i use a number of earbuds that fit in the ear like this .
i plugged this in as soon as i received it .
i ended up buying from amazon ,  because they were cheaper .
after hearing many great things about this product ,  i decided to give it a go .
i read the other reviewers who had similar problems before i bought this .
these headphones are very uncomfortable and very crappy sounding .
using that ,  netflix runs great on my num_extend with this cable ,  at least when the cable is working .
based on the fantastic reviews of this product i thought it was going to be a great hit .
i had high hopes for this product especially after reading all the reviews .
that has not helped me to get this sticker off .
i was very disappointed when i got this .
the sony headphones in the same price range are much better .
yes ,  he likes it very much and uses it well ,  and it performs well etc .
have to really bend and twist them to reach certain angles .
i do not like this screen protector it don t fit on my screen right because my phone is squard .
i purchased this in the hopes of having an extra emergency boost for my phone .
that s pretty much what this coffee grinder is capable of producing .
since this one was so expensive and had such good reviews ,  i was hoping i d like it .
ordered this for an att iphone num_extend which uses a part like the one pictured .
even when in place ,  the earbuds were not very comfortable .
my son got this for christmas last year .
i was so excited when i received it a day before scheduled .
ordered this after reading that it was super awesome ,  and got it at a pretty good price .
these are hard to apply to the phone .
the worst is that this thing is loud .
i mean its awesome but i got num_extend
i believe i ve used it a total of num_num times .
they hurt your ears after about ten minutes .
i got this based off the good reviews and the price .
i have used num_num screen protectors thats from different companies and it was very good .
i guess for the price you cant expect perfection .
seems like it could be a great product .
i unplugged it and plugged it back in .
i have had one of these before which costs alot more and worked alot better .
the screen is hard to read in low light and is low resolution .
for starters ,  it s very bulky and heavy for little hands .
so i thought i d give this tea a try .
i added it to water both hot and cold .
the graphics are nice ,  when you can see them .
this is a great looking case ,  especially considering the low price .
i bought it because of the numerous positive reviews .
first of all ,  this unit it too big and heavy .
i thought maybe a accident the motor died out on me .
i bought this coffeemaker a year ago and was pretty happy with it until it failed this week .
i drink a lot of water and this is not enough for me .
not sure what to say about this product .
i saw so many good reviews for this i had to try it .
it seems like something is mixed in it and it smells different .
they did however have great customer service and i did receive a full refund .
it s cheap and you get what you pay for .
i bought this blender because consumer reports rated it a best buy .
i read the good reviews and i read the bad ones .
wash with your hand and dry off with a soft cloth .
i also think that is a waste of money .
it is light weight and ergonomically designed ,  which is great for little hands .
next time i ll purchase in a store where i can actually feel the press before buying .
i m shocked to see such great reviews for this product .
d that is in it is not num_extend but num_extend
i loved the way this iphone case looked ,  but it didnt protect very well .
when i first received this product i was ecstatic .
great sound  much better thant the hd num_extend and extremely comfortable .
problem is people say they cannot hear me very well .
i have found some coffees i like as well as starbucks french roast ,  but they re usually more expensive .
purchased this battery as spare battery for my canon num_extend
i bought this product ,  not sure what to expect .
will revise this review when i finally do use it .
the same coffee beans ground for a drip coffee maker taste remarkably better .
it does look exactly like in the photo unfortunately .
not something i would ever pay money for .
this phone was clearly not in mint condition .
the sound quality and remote functionality were good .
i used this battery for about num_num weeks .
i ve done a review for it before now too .
when it works ,  the sound is pretty good ,  not great and not that loud .
the motor generates a nasty smell that is like burning rubber or grease .
i bought these based on the highly rated reviews i d read .
there is also something a little  off  about the smell .
i didn t see the big deal in it .
after reading all the good reviews ,  i bought this product hoping it would work for me .
consider the price ,  you get what you paid .
i ve used it regularly and can honestly say that i didn t notice any difference from it .
i returned it and got a swift refund .
i m sure i ll use it ,  and it was cheap .
i m not crazy about the color at all .
spend a little more and get a quality item .
this is being relegated to my be spice grinder ,  which i don t use every day .
it works for a couple of minutes and the keyboard stops responding .
in my opinion it was a waste of money .
that was the color i ordered per the listing ,  but i received hot pink .
this case is bulky and fits awkwardly on my phone .
i hate screen protectors ,  especially crap ones like this .
the downside :  the hard plastic is so smooth it doesn t roll well .
and its not the same color blue as the picture .
i liked the feature of making it taller for tall cans .
not sure why i need to enter sooo many words  .
it has a weird smell it it also .
spend the extra money and get something that works !  .
in addition to being loud it is unbalanced .
i had a plastic one that worked great for years ,  but it finally broke .
i tried using my older battery ,  but the damage was done .
by problem with is is that it wont charge my ipad .
i have tried num_num or num_num different things and none seemed to work .
it is a excellent product for those who can use it .
the iphone with the case would not fit into the slot .
there was nothing wrong with the product or how i was using it .
the price is great the delivery was o . k .
it is small and the pockets are too small .
i ordered this for my son s num_extend birthday .
after it s release i bought it because of all the reviews by users came pouring in .
for the price it was incredibly cheap quality .
i was able to send it back to amazon easily for a refund .
this case provides no protection for the phone .
i have a great system wiht about num_num devices .
i expected to be able to use this sharpener to get a very good sharp edge to a knife .
good thing is the battery that came with my psp over num_num years ago still works .
in this case you get what you paid for .
i watched various youtube videos ,  and i read a lot of reviews .
when i recieved it ,  i saw it was made in china .
look ,  this thing is great ,  when it works .
first ,  let me say that this is a very nice ,  well made leather wallet .
i ve used this product before and it worked fine .
the case makes the phone way to big .
i read through the reviews and decided to take a chance .
these headphones are trash when it comes to num_extend
but it is way too heavy for what i thought it would be .
this thing collects dirt like you wouldn t believe .
i got a cheaper one that works a lot better .
it wasn t bad ,  but it wasn t good either .
amazon s a great place to shop and you have other better choices .
i love most coffee ,  especially flavored unless it is very  fake  tasting flavor .
i also notice the price went up since i purchased making the whole deal less than a value .
i was not very satifiedy with this product .
i don t understand why so many positive reviews on this product .
it was not as sturdy as i hoped t would be .
the battery is a good fit and does work just not for long .
this grinder is a great example of  you get what you pay for  .
then after i got it to work it just didnt work properly .
that is the only charger that i ve found to provide an adequate charging amperage .
not too bad but not too great either .
and that is as good as it gets .
this case looks adorable ,  but it fits my phone very loosely .
i was planning to return this ,  because it was too big for my dog .
i thought it was well made and durable .
for the price ,  some kind of cheap case would be nice .
so when i noticed that this product was available to try out decided to take a chance .
if you can get the headphones to stay securely in your ear the sound is pretty phenomenal .
i wanted to use this as a usb charging station .
this product arrived well packaged and appears as advertised .
the product is really cute ,  and yes i know it s cheap .
it took forever for the website to get up and running with the spelling word lists .
as it is it s useable ,  just not easy .
after reading the reviews here ,  i am perplexed .
i had high hopes for this based on other reviews .
these are definitely not audiophile headphones ,  but then ,  they are earbud style .
these were replacements for a pair of koss headphones that broke .
i have bought some other brands that smell stronger and last .
i ordered this from isave . com fulfilled by amazon .
i honestly could not get this thing to work or put it together as instructed .
i liked these ,  so i purchased a couple of them .
by comparison ,  my cuisinart food processor is nearly num_num years old and still going strong .
i wanted to like this product ,  but i really did not .
i wanted it to hold my iphone in the car .
this case is okay but it adds bulk to your phone .
even if it s really ,  really ,  really good sound quality .
i figured the batteries might be getting low .
its actually more of a dark blue ,  not this pretty teal blue in the picture .
there is a high price attached to this thing .
for example ,  i have a wireless optical mouse which has a small usb receiver .
i think those earbuds represent a good value like the pinnacle num_extend
i only got to use it a few times .
only reason i give it num_num stars is because i like that it has spf .
i bought one of these for my kid at christmas num_extend
again ,  they work ,  but they re not aesthetic nor elegant .
this was ordered thinking this would be great for my iphone num_extend
i m going to make a gift of these to a large friend and shop for something else for myself .
this product was really awful which surprised me .
looks better in the picture than in real life .
so .  .  . thought i d get a replacement as it was only $
and on top of that the plastic is brittle .
it sat in box for a month until i went to use it .
i read great reviews on this product so i had high hopes .
they are not very comfortable and the sound quality is about what you should expect from $ headphones .
this phone case is extremely cheap and looks it .
there s a reason it has a cheap price .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . because it s made cheap !  .
she was very excited to receive the gift ,  and was immediately entranced by the pink ,  girly packaging .
the taste is okay but a bit bland .
i purchased these based on good reviews i have seen in the past .
try not to get to sucked away by the  raving reviews  .
i bought this for my at the time num_num year old daughter .
i put the original battery back in my phone .  .  . everything works fine again .
i returned it and ordered a new one however ,  amazon sent me a used one .
in total you can get those for $ or less .
for a change ,  i order this product and dismayed of it .
not as thick and heavy as i thought they would be .
i was very disappointed with the product when i first saw it out of the box .
i bought three of these things over the last two years .
this case looks pretty but it is plastic and cheap and does not fit properly on the phone .
generally speaking ,  what you see is what you get .
the picture doesn t really match the actual product as well as it should .
after all the great reviews i read here i am disappointed .
and kind of  tinny  ,  the stainless steel is very thin .
if the next one works ok i may buy a second one for me .
i was frankly somewhat unimpressed with this product .
i found it useless and a waste of money .
the sound is clear enough ,  but not great .
i make it with lots of sugar ,  just like a would lipton tea .
so i was so excited for this product .
i wanted to inform you of the issue in case anyone else has experience this problem .
you get what you pay for with these .
it is smooth ,  does the job well ,  and leaves my skin feeling fresh and clean .  .  . not irritated .
i bought this blue case and at first ,  i loved the color .
i was not too pleased with this product .
i bought this case thinking that it would be like the otter box .
they are much pricier but i believe you get what you pay for .
i saw it at the grocery store for much less of the price here .
the square handle makes the unit awkward and sometimes painful to num_extend
it is a lot cheaper ,  works well and has all kind of attachments included in the purchase price .
i ordered it with excitement based on the good reviews .
i wish i could say that all the negative review it gets are unwarranted but i can t .
i tried this and a few others ,  but they didn t work well for me .
you get what you get for the price .
i used this in place of sugar for things like iced tea and coffee .
i don t have anything good or bad to say about the product .
spend a little more and get something that works .
for less than $ i would say you pretty much get what you pay for .
the only thing going for this machine is the ease in cleaning it .
my phone is a num_extend and not a .
go for the otterbox defender case it has a built in screen protector .
most of the time it never worked properly .
now i need to find another one to replace this one .
cant really say any more about it than that .
it is also made of very cheap plastic ,  not high quality plastic like tupperware or rubbermaid products .
it is too loose ,  and therefore is not very protective .
i ended up giving this one away to a friend .
in other words ,  don t waste your time and money on this product because it doesn t work !  .
fix this problem and i might consider buying another one .
add to that the sounds it makes are loud and obnoxious .
there are better products out there ,  but for the price i think it does it s job okay .
also ,  the rubber texture prevents the phone from slipping out of my hand .
other than that i like it and it was inexpensive .
i bought this at a grocery store because a customer walking by recommended it .
i was excited for this package to arrive in the mail .
it looks metal ,  but feels like it s plastic .
i think the look of this case really detracts from the design of the iphone .
this looked similar but it is not like the one i purchased a few years ago .
i have found it to be a waste of money .
would buy again ,  but will keep looking for something better .
the price for it was not high for it did .
the reason i bought it was because it took num_extend aa batteries .
not even close ,  you get what you pay for i guess .
tad quieter but nothing that makes you go ah !  the plastic housing does seem cheap looking also .
i have been having the hardest time finding a charger that actually works for my phone .
i easily found cheaper products in local stores .
it was a waste of money to me .
they also do not last for very long .
we purchased this in bulk for a camping trip .
the filter does not snap securely in place so that it can slip out of position easily in use .
i ll update this review once i ve used the new one for a while .
i previously bought a different model made by the same manufacturer and it works great .
i ve used that for num_num years or so and it does work .
not sure why i bought this in the first place .
these are always a pain in the butt to put on .
they are a bit too heavy as well .
i love nearly all the flavors of this brand .
i discovered they were hard to stay on the ear .
i see that this product has tons of good reviews .
boy i am glad i didn t pay full price for this item .
the lock itself is great; it s sturdy ,  compact ,  and easy to use .
i was able to find something much better at a better price .
these are not headphones you can enjoy great music with as the speakers can t handle mild bass at all .
also ,  it increases the dimensions of the phone .
are all num_extend halo is a num_extend this is a num_extend
spend a little more money and get something better .
the order arrived quickly and i put them on and they felt awesome .
it is very comfortable ,  just not sized right .
i m not even sure how that is possible ,  but apparently it is .
i was very excited about this product based on the reviews .
i bought this for my vixia hf num_extend
also ,  the battery life isn t num_extend as described .
i was expecting far better from this product .
oh ,  and it took forever to get here .  .  . about a month .
it s more solid and not as cheaply made .
and hope i can use it in the future .
this is a great nail too for regular nails .
have to say you get what you pay for .
too expensive for what you get as a product .
it does have a nice scent of coffee .
as with most sennheiser products ,  the sound on these inexpansive headphones is very good .
when i first got this it was hard .
i had to purchase a new belt to replace this .
with the good reviews i was excited to have a juicer at such a good price .
i bought it based on the reviews ,  which were so positive .
it is not as heavy looking or of the quality it appears in the picture .
for less than $ shipped ,  i figured i didn t have anything to lose .
worse ,  it s kinda flimsy ,  the plastic too soft .
bought this item due to the rave reviews .
it arrived today and i put it on ,  sort of .
i used this religiously every night for about num_extend weeks .
it s still there because it looks good . and it does look nice .
i was charging my phone in the car ,  but this product only charged my phone to % from %
i have had this pressure cooker for num_num months and it s worked well up until tonight .
i ve tried ,  and tried ,  and finally gave up .
i placed it in the fridge ,  and let it get a nice chill .
it came very highly recommended ,  and i think it is probably a good product .
i tried cleaning with it but it didn t do an adequate job .
the sound quality was not the best either .
when i had a num_extend i remember this case did not fit the phone correctly .
maybe the battery ,  but i don t know if it s worth replacing .
but ,  a big part of a company is to stand behind their products .
the colors are alot brighter than the picture shows and they fall right off .
jbm coffee is ,  without a doubt ,  the finest tasting in the world .
when i got it ,  it looked very big .
it s smaller than i expected ,  but that actually made it a nice size for travel .
i changed my rating from num_num stars to num_extend
i m going to have to get another pair .
i think there are better products out there but you are going to pay for them .
you get what you pay for in this case !  !  .
it s very cheaply made which is why it is priced so cheap .
this was not what i expected way too bulky .
plus it says its for a evo num_extend and num_extend
i purchased it on a recommendation from a friend and read the great reviews it got at amazon .
had that been the case ,  i would have given it num_num stars .
after operating the motor for more than a few moments it begins to emit a strong burning smell .
i m just wondering how long they are going to last .
i liked it and thought it was a great product until this happened .
my num_num year old daughter received this for christmas .
you can get it for like num_num bucks on ebay .
i was initially pleased with the nice look of the toaster .
bottom line :  you get what you pay for .
when i first purchased this item  prior to getting my phone  i was happy with it .
i read the reviews and because the bulk were positive .
this is the cheapest made product i ve ever owned .
ordered this based on the many positive reviews .
in my case i didn t need this replaceable battery thing ,  because it stops working before the battery life stops .
read the reviews ,  researched other items and was expecting a decent product ,  but this did not deliver .
i had thought as it had said that it was built to be sturdy  ,  but its not .
the wonderful reviews prompted me to buy this product .
i ordered this perfume after reading the reviews on amazon .
i see now from reading negative reviews that many others have experienced the very same problem .
i ordered this based on many of the reviews .
i m not exagerating . this fan is loud  !  !  !  forget about sleeping with this fan on at night .
i ordered this product and it took num_num weeks before i got it .
these headphones work ,  but i am not that big a fan of them .
this stuff was a waste of money for me .
for the price i paid i expected a decent quality product .
price is much higher but i feel it was worth it .
it is inexpensive ,  but you get what you pay for .
my old blade grinder works better than this cuisinart piece of junk .
when i first got this ,  i loved it .
i have read many good reviews about this product but to be honest ,  i was disappointed .
if there was an option to choose num_num stars on this one i would .
sometimes you get what you pay for and this is no exception .
but hey .  .  .  . what can u expect with the price .
i had previously written a very nice review for this product .
but i suppose you probably get what you pay for .
find a screen protector that isn t wet application and you will be happier .
i would recommend buying another stock battery with a charger .
it they had different sizes to choose from ,  it would be better .
it has been amply reviewed ,  for the most part positively ,  so i thought i would give it a try .
i tried this brand but it really is not a good substitute . who knew ?  .
i ll keep using these but more as a back up to the other ones i purchased .
i got what i paid for since i did not spend a lot on this product .
thankfully ,  i have an old one that works beautifully .
when i got it ,  i was happy and thought it would be great .
the controls are hard to get used to .
that s what this wonderful product did for me .
i m really disappointed in the overall functioning of this coffee maker .
i bought this based on the reviews of others .
it is not an otterbox or something like that . now ,  having said that ,  it is very solid .
though ,  i understand ,  it s a good price . please be aware of the quality .
ok this was my first buy on amazon .
you need to connect to a num_extend or higher usb powered charger to rejuvenate the device back to normal .
in my opinion ,  it was a waste of my money .
it was really inexpensive so hey not a total loss .
i got it and was initially very happy .
ta da ! if you found this review helpful ,  please let met know !  thanks !  .
it includes options to adjust tint ,  brightness ,  crop etc .
i could not continue using it because of this and had to buy something else .
i m very surprised by all the great reviews .
the price tag was a bit high and that s even if i were satisfied with the product .
i ve had it and used it on and off for about six months .
this is a case where i got what i paid for .
i bought it because ,  to the eye ,  it looked like it might work .
it s too bulky and isn t as small as it seems .
this is equal to the really cheap products out there .
i guess in this case ,  i got what i paid for .
sadly it lasted for about num_num months of daily used before it failed .
i had this unit for about num_num months .
i have fairly small hands ,  so that could be part of the problem .
although there is absolutely nothing wrong with this cable and it has been working perfectly .
you are supposed to be able to take a cup out as it is brewing .
sometimes the red does not line up nicely like how it does in the picture .
i bought it based on lots of positive reviews on amazon .
yes ,  it makes great coffee and looks great ,  as many reviewers have said .
proof that sometimes you get what you pay for .
i bought this because it was recommend as a best buy in a consumer reports magazine .
on a positive note the item arrived very quickly .
it works for it s purpose ,  but is kind of cheap and not a sturdy piece of equipment .
they are cheaper and parts are easily available and easily replaceable .  .  .  . unlike sony s num_extend
the usb cable that comes with this is very cheap and not name brand at all .
i had to learn that the hard way .
i bought it based on so many positive reviews .  .  .  . bad call .
the replacement battery is about half the price of a new ups .
i looked all over and read different reviews .
there s a problem with the design of this headset .
this thing will not cut !  i got this as a gift for my husband who loves to make pizza .
the camera angles are not very well done .
$ for num_num num_extend batteries is very overpriced .
i have used this product before and very much enjoy it .
i did not have a good experience with this product .
i also did not care for the smell .
after num_num months the first one suddenly died .
need to be super careful with this tool .
needless to say ,  this was a total waste of money .
i have ordered and applied many screen protectors .
spend the extra couple dollars and find something of better quality .
alright i am changing my rating to num_num star .
i had one of these when i was a child ,  and i loved it .
i was also a bit disappointed with the sound quality .
the color was not a vivid as described or shown in the picture .
i tried all kinds of things and none really worked .
when i occasionally get a clear signal  not often  ,  the sound is average .
the suction cup doesn t hold very well and i haven t been able to successfully use this .
everything else is working and i do like the unit .
the battery looks just like an original but does not perform like one .
i bought these headphones for use with my ipod .
i don t understand how they can do that .
the battery lasts on average num_num hours with barely any usage .
i will order another one to give a last try when i m ready .
it was not bad looking and i was excited .
i have updated the firmware to the latest .
it works ,  but kernels fly all over the place ,  and leaves a few in the bottom that won t pop .
if i could have given num_num stars i would have .
this item was cheap and is cheaply made .
i purchase this product based on the great reviews here .
these had good reviews so i ordered a pair .
cheap ,  but what u pay for is what you get .
this was my first stand mixer and i wanted it to knead dough .
really wanted to like this one ,  because i loved the price .
i was really excited when i found this for my daughter .
the good news is that it s well made .
i didn t like this product because it came broken .
i used this with a samsung galaxy s ii .
i drink a lot of iced tea and used this every day .
this supposedly new battery lasts half as long as my year old battery .
i was able to hear my caller; however my caller was not able to hear me .
i guess it s working for others .  .  . but just not for me .
even though the pan itself is very well made .
i used it in a recipe for meatloaf i often make .
i thought this coffee maker was the answer when i first bought it .
but the flow of water from it is very slow .
however ,  as usual ,  i was very pleased with amazon .
customer service sent me a replacement and i returned the defective charger .
instead i received a used ,  visibly worn battery .
however ,  i will say that the customer service was excellent ,  and the refund was absolutely no hassle .
i also felt like the price was very expensive .
the designs are interesting ,  with over num_num different options to choose from .
i purchased this for my num_num yr old granddaughter for christmas .
smaller then the photos make it out to be .
i read where some people use it in place of cheese .
the material is soft and comfortable and great .
the keyboard layout is great and the mouse has some good options .
my num_num yo daughter was thrilled to get this for christmas .
oh ,  also ,  it doesn t keep the coffee hot for long .
i bought this on the basis of the good reviews but i was mislead .
after reading a lot of good reviews ,  i have to say that this product is not that great .
im going to give a very short and sweet review .
it s made of cheap plastic and is very weak .
it has kind of a weird smell also .
i bought this a couple of years ago and used it infrequently .
with all the great reviews on here i decided to give this brand a try .
i purchased this because of all the good reviews .
i bought it for the cheap price and got a cheap item .
it s also a lot thinner than i was expecting .
i have a big head ,  and even for me ,  the earphone has a loose fitting .
preheating ,  hey ,  i thought this was a thermal carafe .
the unit will work with the cable connected but so will any usb mouse .
i ve had many smart phones over the years and have used many screen protectors .
i have been using this as advised for over a month now .
i was so excited to try out my new fancy mixer .
this item is very overpriced for what it is .
i like the coffee this machine makes ,  and the  grind and brew  idea is a great one .
but this battery died after few months i bought it .
being free of connecting wires seems wonderful ,  i must admit .
it did work well when it did work though .
to be fair ,  the audio sound quality is pretty good for the price .  .  . in the right ear .
i charged mine for about num_num hours and the charger showed num_num led lights .
on the up and up ,  sound quality is good .
i am very much looking forward to using this product .
i have bought this coffee several times in the past and it was great .
i bought a set of these several years ago and finally replaced them .
the handle that comes down ,  got bent for just normal use and could not be fixed .
i prefer some taste and a silky feel in my mouth .
the product is good and workes o k .
and this is not a bad product ,  really .
it s very easy to clean ,  but then you lose the time savings which it was supposed to deliver .
i think for that reason it is way over priced .
i ve only been using this off and on for two weeks so it seems to be doing okay .
i will admit ,  that this is a very nice package .
still didn t work very well but was okay .
first ,  let me say that i love kitchenaid products ,  and have the stand mixer and many of its attachments .
it s something i have never tasted before in a coffee .
of course ,  before the batteries actually die ,  the thing stops working properly .
it would be much cheaper and just as effective .
this was the second time i ordered this .
it causes the screen protector to to lift along the edges .
i tried it this morning in my coffee .
i really love the smell of this product .
i had alot of allergies to this which caused sneezing all the time .
i have regularly been buying this and the product is excellent .
it is very inexpensive ,  so i guess i don t have much to gripe about but .
for a small item it weighs a lot and is very bulky to carry around .
i should of read the reviews before i bought it .
i contacted amazon directly and they issued a refund .
if i could give it num_num stars and comment ,  i would .
it s cheap ,  better than nothing but the unit isn t stable and just isn t great quality .
at first i was really excited about it .
it was a waste of money for me .
i found this product to be much cheaper in quality than i expected for the high price .
i got excited ,  found it on amazon and bought it .
it took almost a month to get to me .
then i will look at a different brand .
i was excited for this ,  but when i received it i noticed it was rather large .
i purchased this item and it came with what i thought was a great warranty .
this is an excellent product but it is not for everyone .
and certainly ,  this is not a bad product at all .
i assumed the battery was dead and bought a new battery .
so i gave it to a friend he likes it .
i own this product for almost an year .
this was very cheap so i bought it to try it out .
make sure you have allot of batteries or a battery recharger .
over all ,  yeah .  .  . is cheap ,  but for a reason .
i used this a few times a month .
after reading all the positive reviews i was so hopeful .
it is not a bad quality but unfortunately the colors are not right .
the sound quality on this version is not as good .
it appears that this product has some good reviews and that s why i purchased it in the first place .
for example ,  the lid does not fit well .
price too good to be true and it was .
num_num months after purchase ,  i noticed the blade was cracked .
the price was right so i ordered up .
the coffee just doesn t taste the same as i make in my home coffee maker .
it was very nicely made though for the price .
i purchase these after reading so many good reviews .
are you like me ?  i have been using this stuff for num_num years .
cuisinart was good enough to send me a replacement .  .  . which also died a similar death after a few uses .
pros :  the product is great when it works .
but otherwise ,  its a num_num star rating for now .
this battery does not hold a charge for very long .
but the design does not work for me .
doesn t fit my iphone num_num properly ,  the phone can slide around in the case .
but like they say ,  you get what you pay for .
for the price ,  i can t complain too much .
when i first used this ,  the edge was really sharp .
the material is heavy and appears to be durable .
don t pay premium price for this inferior headset .
it is not rugged and very thin material .
i m glad i had the opportunity to check the products out before purchasing online .
i read all the positive reviews and thought i d give it try .
some might be cheaper ,  some might be more expensive ,  but this one is .
i would not pay full price for this .
am using the thing for the first time today .
if anyone does ,  please let me know by leaving a comment or messaging me .
at first ,  i thought there was something wrong with my unit .
this product is easy to apply and easy to wipe off .
this is definitely a case where the extra money is worth it .
so ,  based on the many positive reviews of this product i decided to try it .
i wore them so much i needed a new pair .
my num_num mo daughter received this for christmas .
we got this for my son s num_extend birthday .
these chargers are cheap ,  to say the least .
purchased for my son as gift from santa .
i bought this scale as a way to monitor my weight loss .
plus i found that one here at a great price .
the truth is ,  this product works awfully for me .
i dont know how else to put it .
they are headphones that sit within your ear ,  but do not insert within the ear canal .
not great ,  but not bad for the price .
and the most annoying feature is that the cord is phenomenally short and magnetically attached .
the headphone acoustics isn t all that good in my opinion .
i was surprised at so many positive reviews for this product .
oh well ,  a waste of money for me .
i am not complaining about it too much because if was only a $ with free shipping .
other than that ,  it is a good product .
i bought this product based on its excellent reviews .
so it works however its taking num_extend or more to fully charge my spare batteries .
i decided to get a new one ,  but it wasn t working from day one .
you can t put much water in and once it s in ,  it easily spills .
other than that ,  not the greatest but i really had low expectations for the price i paid for it .
makes it hard to get in and out of your pocket .
i must admit ,  my daughter really likes this toy .
after reading reviews and watching youtube videos on this i was so excited to try it out .
i used this once to charge a new battery .
i expected more after reading the reviews and the manufacturer s description ,  so i was unimpressed .
i have used it about num_num times a week .
that is the only reason it got num_num stars in my rating .
not sure if it was a coincidence or not .
both times i did not enjoy this brand nearly as much as my other two usual brands .
i don t know if it s because the battery is so big and bulky or what .
on extended batteries takes more than num_num hours to charge one battery .
the knife is comfortable and very sharp but i find it dangerous .
i bought this one because the measurements were smaller .
really all i want is a screen protector that doesn t distort the screen .
lo and behold ,  i get a battery from september num_num that holds a full charge for about num_num hours .
it s not that there is anything wrong with the product .
after reading all of the reviews ,  i thought i would give this product a try too .
i was super excited to give this a try .
this just doesn t cut as well as i had hoped .
i own a mixer ,  toaster and food processor made by kitchenaid and they all work great .
does not serve as a decent protection for the phone .
at that point ,  i was totally satisfied with the order itself  and mz photo s prompt service  .
overall materials are good quality and well put together ,  but the clips do not stay closed .
i purchased this item thinking i was getting one of the best .
i bought a different phone to replace this and hopefully ,  it will work better .
i suppose u get what u pay for .
the price is very attractive and most of the reviews were positive .
there are some confusing reviews for this product that made me curious enough to buy it .
the new one was not really working right .
this is my second krups egg cooker and while the first was ok ,  this is a piece of junk .
depending on the quality of your knives and technique ,  these might be ok .
you get what you pay for i guess though .
i tried replacing the old one with this ,  and it was terrible .
i doubt it will protect your phone if you drop it .
this item was not damaged in shipping ,  it was packaged that way .
but ,  for the price of it ,  i just don t think it offers very much .
also remember you do get what you pay for .
they were much smaller than i realized ,  but that would ve been ok if they looked better .
if you don t damage it then you will find out that the battery life dies of pretty quickly .
i think this is made in china and material is from china not japan .
either way you are looking at ground coffee spilling on your counter tops or floor .
i had a difficult time getting this to work .
i guess the saying goes  ,  you get what you pay for .
amazon contacted them and they told amazon that they would refund my money .
decent quality with a good price ,  but not functional .
i bought these to wear at my desk at work .
my daughter received this as a gift for her num_extend birthday .
plus the maximum volume isn t very loud at all .
i was super excited to try this product ,  but i have to admit that i was extremely disappointed .
i gave it num_num stars because it looks nice .
okay ,  so i thought this was a great idea .
they are so light that you forget you are wearing them .
whatever it is ,  it is a design flaw .
let me just say how much i love amazon .
like ,  pretty much fits in the palm of your hand small .
the product arrived in a timely manner ,  but the packaging it was in could use some improvements .
i is difficult to handle with my arthritic hands .
hope that lasts longer than a few weeks .
as has been stated before ,  the camera is abysmal .
without a hyperion num_num mah battery the phone is useless garbage .
it s actually better if you mix it with another ,  stronger ,   plain  coffee .
after that we figured it must need new batteries so i replaced them .
i m sorry ,  i just did not like this product .
the big negative for me is that it is very very heavy .
what a shame ,  because it s really cute and seems sturdy .
but thats what you get for it being so cheap .
i got them because i had read such great reviews ,  i measured up and ordered .
unfortunately ,  once morning arrived ,  my neck was killing me .
so of course ,  i have to buy a new one .
have had this for about num_num months and it worked great while it lasted .
honestly ,  i think there s something wrong with this design .
yeah ,  i didnt know what i was doin .
i bought this because the reviews were so good .
as a result the fit isn t tight enough .
if fails again i m adding to this review .
i bought this for my num_num year old daughter for christmas .
sound quality isn t too bad but what s the point when the headset induces additional piercing noise in the audio .
i didn t like this product and it didn t help me will regularity .
the cups are nice ,  easy opening ,  but expensive .
after all the great reviews ,  i was sure i would love this product .
even after been fully charged ,  the battery life is minimal at best .
they are very comfortable in feel and fit .
yes ,  it s fast ,  it s easy to set up ,  and it s compact .
if you re looking for a cheap case ,  this is it .
i m not as pleased with this screen protector as i thought i would be .
but what could you expect for just a few bucks ?  .
yet to big and bulky to carry on a backpack .
this is a great product while it works .
for reference ,  i am a num_extend and ordered a small .
the charger itself works fine ,  but the usb cable provided was defective .
my daughter received this as a gift on her first birthday .
i ordered this with high hopes ,  given all the good reviews .
i had been using this for over num_num years and i was really happy with it .
however ,  i was disappointed in the quality of the product .
i tried this because of the great reviews i read .
the sound quality is sufficient for the price ,  but the comfort of them is a different story .
i had to throw it away and buy a new one now .
i contacted amazon and they were fantastic about returning the item .
i loved this product when i first used it .
that s a hell of a lot of bad reviews .
i would have given it less stars if possible .
this is a nice product ,  but it did not work for me .
this thing is so bulky and heavy and unbalanced .
it is a decent product ,  it s well built and i didn t have any trouble installing it on my laptop .
so i thought that ,  after reading reviews ,  that we would give thisa try .
but it was sweet ,  sparkly ,  and had a nice bite .
but then this bag doesn t fit anything else .
i paid $ for it and i got what i paid for .
friendly customer service though !  they were quick and helpful .
it is really cute ,  and my kids love it .
this is another case of you get what you pay for .
i don t know why this thing has so many good reviews its terrible .
that is ,  until september num_num when storms knocked out power in my area for num_num days .
i guess i was expecting more based on so many good reviews .
it is well made ,  but at least two sizes small for what the description says .
i don t regret buying it but i will not buy it again .
i ll use this only if i accidentally run out of paper filters .
i gave it to my granddaugter for christmas with a gift certificate .
i just had to go buy another one that actually does .
i just received my order ,  unfortunately i ordered num_extend
good product ,  great protection but the num_extend hard case can damage the corners of the phone .
i don t know if it will hold up to time and use .
if i had to do it all over again ,  i would pay a little more for something better .
i had to replace the first one immediately as it did not work at all .
i used this with a samsung galaxy num_extend
however ,  i am not discounting this product as unworthy .
several days ago i saw the reviews for this product on the amazon site .
i find the thing to be really messy to clean .
but it was expensive so i was expecting better quality .
i replaced the battery maybe twice and it turned back on .
i would say i use it on a bi weekly basis  sometimes less  .
my daughter received these for her birthday from her grandma .
with the krups ,  the waffles came out uneven .
it s annoying ,  but it s not the worst thing in the world .
which was the main point of getting this thing . finally ,  it is very difficult to clean .
i used it with a cell phone and two different converters to num_extend
kudos to amazon . com ,  they are a great company .
i bought my daughter an ixl for christmas .
it s ok ,  but i believe you get what you pay for .
the screen isnt bad at displaying colors ,  in fact ,  it has very good color definition .
i ordered this for my son for christmas .
quality is not good ,  even for it s price .
i buy a lot from amazon and have been very happy with the products that i order .
sound is okay ,  and i like the mic .
for the price ,  it may be acceptable to some .
i think i will only use it once a week instead of using it everyday .
i was disappointed to read these too are china made .
otherwise ,  it seems like it was a waste of money .
it s not horrible ,  but it is of low quality to match its low price .
in the time that i used it ,  when i used it ,  it did not work .
i will post any updates if something changes .
i used it ,  and the first time i used it ,  it wouldn t work !  .
i plugged my cell phone  which was at num_num percent  into this device and it began charging it .
they re comfortable and seem to be of decent quality ,  except the fit .
i have had for for maybe num_num months and used it probably num_num times .
it was intended to be a christmas gift for one of our family .
this was a big waste of money for me ,  .
i guess for the price ,  i should not have expected so much .
i bought these because of so many good reviews .
i bought this stuff after reading the reviews .
after reading the great reviews on here for this product i figured i would give it a try .
i tried everything i could think of ,  including a jar opener .
on the good side ,  the sound is decent .
this item is cheaply priced ,  therefore the quality of this case is also cheap .
by reading the review ,  and seeing the price i thought i d give it a shot .
she loved it though !  i m glad it made someone happy .
it worked pretty good when i bought it a couple of years ago .
it s not horrible ,  but it s not great ,  especially considering the price .
it is not a great product for its intended use .
i used pliers to carefully twist it further in order to get it aligned .
i never had a problem with my previous charger that broke after num_num years .
this set looks nice ,  but on close inspection the set looks very inexpensive .
i say you get what you pay for .
purchased this toy for my daughter last christmas .
i m going to have to buy a different one .
not worth the money i spent on it .
i have bought num_num of these in the past num_num months .
the first time i ordered this it never came .
and you guys ,  this is the best one so far .
i think i m going to have to purchase a new one from a better brand .
there are other products out there that work better for the same price ,  or lower price than this one .
i used this product for over num_num months .
i wasn t really ever happy with the product .
from all the great reviews ,  i was expecting a unique product .
i was so excited to receive this product .
i decided to try this product because i heard rave reviews on it .
as a product it should get num_num stars .
that being said ,  it was only $ so what did i expect  :   .
the other not so great thing is that this screen protector scratches .
disclaimer :  i previously reviewed this product and had originally given it five stars .
i replaced the battery in my phone hoping i d get lucky and get a good one .
i also used that opportunity to change the rating to from num_num stars to num_num star .
this battery i received is no better than the old worn out battery i am trying to replace .
i m a little rough with my phone and need a case that isn t going anyhwere .
i have num_num different pairs of different sennheiser headphones and they are all awesome .
but i shouldn t expected much since they were cheap .
i bought this for my num_extend old daughter .
was expecting something a lot better after reading the reviews .
i ve used this in the past and really liked it .
the sound quality is great ,  and when the mic actually picks me up it works quite well as well .
then there are those issues when you answer a call yet you cant hear the other person whatsover .
after reading many reviews i stocked up on this product .
i am going to try my luck with another brand .
it is especially difficult if you have arthritis .
i liked this product when i first got it .
the product worked great when i first purchased it .
in other words ,  it is cheap and looks it .
the earphones work okay but some num_num cent earphones may work better .
too bad i didn t end up liking the product .
i ll stick to water when i want to quench my thirst !  .
i will update when and if i do .
the many negative reviews here are no coincidence .
maybe i can use this for spices or herbs .
i simply can not understand the positive reviews for this product .
the battery after several complete charges looses i would say about % of its ability to hold a charge .
i plugged my phone in to charge and .
too bad i didn t check on amazon first .
to me ,  this was a waste of money .
the colors are not as vivid or crisp as i thought they would be .
i guess for the price should be expected .
in addition ,  the sound quality was not impressive .
it is pretty loud and cannot be adjusted or turned off .
i had to use a knife to pry it open .
the serrated blade is very thick but not very sharp .
great for a younger age !  i bought it for my niece and she loves it .
thank you amazon for that type of top quality service !  .
spend the extra money and get a better one .
i guess you get what you paid for .
the electric cord is so short that you need an extension cord .
a decent case but not a good look .
after num_num months of moderate use ,  it stopped working .
inexpensive ,  but you get what you pay for .
when comparing these screen protectors to other ones on the market ,  there are far more superior ones out there .
the size wasn t as big as i had hoped ,  either .
i purchased this product after reading the positive reviews .
i used to have an htc incredible phone and it came with  this  charger .
turns out it was too small ,  way too small .
i wasn t sure who this product was intended for when i ordered it .
i paid $ for it ,  thinking it was a good deal .
that s about the only positive thing i can say about it .
i trust the reviews and so many people liked these .
i thought i would give it a try .
there are scuffs and dents on the plastic .
i guess you get what you pay for ?  .
it just seems like it won t protect my phone .
it broke within a few months and i had to purchase another one .
another case of you get what you pay for .
i bought it because it was low priced .
sadly though it didn t live up to the expectations i had for it .
i plugged in an oem samsung num_extend battery that was down to about % battery life .
i buy many things on amazon ,  and num_num percent of the time it is good .
yes ,  they are thicker but the plastic is also thicker and sturdier .
i bought this grill few years ago and figured it would work out great to cook meat .
i used this faithfully for over a month .
for me it was a waste of time and money .
the small is too small to be practical for much .
this makes it difficult to put on my ear  maybe i have big ears ?   .
i used this headset when it first arrived and it worked fine .
so ,  i bought this based on a review .
it is lightweight ,  and not of great construction .
i should have thought it through more carefully .
i only paid $ for this heater ,  so i don t feel totaly robbed .
i have long ,  thick ,  wavy hair that s prone to frizziness .
had it not been for that ,  i might have rated it a num_num star .
i feel like the regular num_num year old battery worked better though .
if i change my mind ,  ill change this review .
furthermore ,  the company i bought this from here on amazon  i . e .
which is why i bought it in the first place .
i normally like gevalia coffees and with this flavor ,  the coffee portion itself is good .
given that ,  rather expensive for what you get .
it is made for my phone but somehow the plastic is warped and wont fit right .
this is the  i get what i pay for  .
looked like a good product ,  seemed well made .
that s all i got to say on this matter .
this product did not work well for me .
all in all this is a pretty cheap device .
it is pretty cheap ,  and that is what you get .
so i am not going to buy it again .
it s made of a fairly cheap ,  sharp and brittle plastic .
hi friends , i purchased this camera from amazon about a month ago .
i simply did not want to take the risk  .  .  .   .
i m disappointed with the performance of this product .
i guess ya do get what ya pay for .
it gets super hot when you use it on high .
the best part of this coffee is the aftertaste .
i workout almost every day and do sweat a lot occasionally .
i must admit i didn t read the description like i should have .
my understanding is that the battery is not replacable .
i was sadly disappointed when it arrived and it was not what i thought it was .
so just be careful when you buy a protective case that is supposedly going to protect your phone .
it was so small and the quality is so cheap .
when i first got this ,  i thought this was perfect .
if they do i will revise my review .
this had so many good reviews that i was really excited to try it .
made in china . there is a better alternative ,  although it costs more .
not really as good as i thought it would be .
i just assumed that the battery was beginning to wear out .
i bought this kettle because i liked the modern design .
my son received this as a birthday gift .
it s a good price ,  but not the product i was hoping for .
i bought this for the reviews i was reading .
i have had this setup for a few years now .
i wouldn t say this is a bad product .
if i could give it less than num_num star i would .
i love the features and optics of this camera .
the style is good if the ear bud type don t like to stay in your ears .
i bought this in hopes that it would work to some degree .
i guess you get what you paid for !  .
i purchased two of these for my num_num ford num_extend num_extend
the door is flimsy and it will break .
i read the reviews before buying and that this was the best brand .
there is not much to say about this product but a simply don t buy it !  !  .
i read the reviews ,  but i thought i d still try it .
see my other reviews for a similar product i recommend in stead .
i ll have to buy a new one ,  but i won t be buying this one again that s for sure .
it is rich and creamy and smells lovely .
or buy one here for far less than this .
it seems that the paint isn t of the best quality .
having owned this product for num_extend years ,  i have noticed a number of num_extend
i had high hopes after reading the reviews .
i bought this from amazon and initially loved it .
i bought this because of the reviews on how accurate it is .
i didn t expect much for the price ,  but i expected more than i got .
i was excited at first at how well these headphones did at noise canceling .
spend a little more and get a quality product .
my num_num year old daughter wanted this for christmas .
i will not use it for everyday .  .  .  . maybe for traveling .
i have purchased two of them ,  and one seemed to be okay .
and then when i put in the batteries it did not work .
the case is at a cheap price for a reason .
well ,  i got what i paid for ! not a lot .
also it is much smaller than what it looks like in the picture .
this time around i was disappointed with this product .
however ,  the cord ended up breaking after a few months .
for the price of this i expected more .
i wish i could have those num_num min .
i bought num_num of these ,  and it seemed ok so i bought another .
i have taken this product for over a year .
i am glad that other reviewers really love this product .
it looks as though they came packed from the factory to amazon that way .
the buttons on the side are extreemly tiny and not easy to identify with a quick feel .
i bought it off amazon here and when it arrived i dug in .
i read all the reviews on this product .
don t get me wrong ,  it s a nice color ,  just not the one i was hoping for .
the battery is brand new and barely used .
i m surprised with all the negative reviews this product has that it s still selling .
i bought this based on the overwhelmingly positive reviews .
it was a gift and now i ve to buy another thing .
just turned out to be a waste of money from my perspective .
i bought this to use on an induction cooktop but it didn t work .
granted i had a bit of trouble getting it to work right off the bat .
it is neat ,  compact ,  and worked well on small to medium tasks .
i know this is a low cost product ,  it should at least work .
i reduced the rating for this product to one star or perhaps num_num stars .
it takes num_num days num_extend hours  to charge and only num_num hours to run it dead .
i am surprised at all the good reviews here .
she really enjoys it ,  and that s what is important .
was connecting to a linksys num_extend which works fine with three other wireless devices .
i saw all the great reviews and that was why i bought it .
the design of it is flawless and all .
it really is not as bright as i like it to be .
the manufacturer states that this product will prevent your ds screen from being damaged .
i recommend to buy this item when it is a lower price .
after a very short time they pinched my ears and made them sore .
my daughter was so excited when she saw this gift .
i was looking forward to trying this out .
i was very disappointed when i got it .
they look pretty much the same ,  but they are not .
it worked but i don t use it anymore .
it s good material though and arrived on time .
so i cant say it isnt worth the money .
yes ,  they charge devices sometimes .  .  .  . if you can get it to plug in .
what do you expect for the price which i can t complain about .
i thought i would like using it to heat water for tea .
instead i returned it without any problems to amazon for a refund .
the knife is weighted nicely ,  but the back end of the handle is practically the width of the blade .
i am suprised that amazon is selling this for $
i loved the color but not a good quality at all .
i guess you get what you pay for with these .
i did love the look of it and that s about it .
love them ,  love the fit ,  bought several in different colors .
i based my decision to buy these on the reviews .
very cheaply does what it says it will .
i was very disapointed when i opened the package .
what i have been doing is adding it into my protein shakes .
getting a decent edge on this knife is tricky and short lived .
i went to charge my ipod when the battery .
maybe it s just my taste buds ,  but this tea had a distinct metallic taste to it .
edit :  i love coffee ,  but to me ,  this drink is just strong coffee grounds mixed with water .
i have used this product before and liked it quite a bit .
it does get very hot ,  i ll give it that .
first of all ,  when these work they are pretty useful .
i have bought a few screen protectors and i understand they can be diffuclt to put on .
for what the size was it was much too small .
it was the cheap price that lured me into buying num_num of these ,  but it s not made very well .
i have never gotten a bad product from them until now .
the flavor just wasn t hitting with this product .
if you have other suggestions ,  please leave a comment .
after reading the other reviews i had high hopes .
didn t realize how short the thing really was .
my advice is to spend a couple of extra bucks and get a larger ,  better built unit .
when i first bought this product it was great .
i bought this product because i read rave reviews about it .
thanks to amazon for having an easy return process .
decent quality with some creases already in the leather when new out of the box ,  .
the product is cheap ,  but so was the price .
other than that ,  i do like the bowl .
there are much better and cheaper products than this one .
i liked this coffee maker a lot since i got it just over a year ago .
i bought this only because it has so many good reviews .
but i guess you get that you pay for .
it took me like ten minutes just to get the pieces to snap back together .
the sound quality is good when it works .
i thought we would give it a try .
i bought these because they look beautiful in the picture .
it s my size yet it is a tight fit .
i gave the one i received as a gift to someone .
so i bought this after reading all the great reviews .
i will update this review after i try changing the batteries .
i not sure what prompted me to buy it in the first place .
i give it num_num stars because it works % of the time .
we have an older pyrex measuring cup of the same size which is wonderful .
it s cute but it makes my phone to big and bulky .
go with the plantronics num_num instead; it s a great headset .
i strongly disliked this product and it wasn t what i expected .
the case fits on the phone and is loose .
you spend a bit more but you get what you pay for .
i bought this based on my experience with other cuisinart products ,  which has been excellent .
it may not cost a lot of money ,  but its certainly a cheap product .
i bought these on midwayusa for $ each ,  thats two for the price of one listed here .
i updated the firmware  keep on top of firmware updates  and this problem went away .
but after receiving it i was a little disappointed .
i bought this because of the good reviews .
if you drop your phone with this case on it won t protect it much .
i wish they had been easier to clean .
my num_num year old son got this as a christmas gift from a family member .
i didn t notice any difference with this product .
it has a undertone of like a plastic chemically smell .
oh well i got a new phone haha .
i guess you do get what you pay for .
i got exactly what i paid for in this case .
ok ,  so first of all ,  this is functional and does its job .
it is a really easy to use and relatively powerful vacuum ,  so i really liked it initially .
i still have yet to figure out how to use it .
i ve had two of these vacs in two years .
i bought this item because of all the positive reviews .
the headset itself is also large and clumsy ,  and sits on your head precariously .
i have no real use for this one .
we bought this for our son s num_extend birthday .
saddly this charger has begun to have issues with the micro usb end of the supplied ac adapter .
it was a good price ,  well good if the product worked ,  and probably less than return postage .
don t have the same hold as other brands i have used .
first of ,  it took almost a month for this to arrive .
it does not work with the iphone if there is any sort of case on it .
i was very disappointed that this product did absolutely nothing for me .
the controls are easy to pick up ,  although you have to mash buttons to see different moves .
much finer quality at a fairly reasonable price .
it is no larger than one aa battery .
i bought this because it was cheap ,  and i shouldn t have .
it s num_extend and i m due for an upgrade on verizon ,  so i thought maybe it s time for an iphone .
these headphones hurt the insides of my ears and the sound quality is not the best .
when i received this product i was very disappointed with it .
i went out and bought another one because i liked the product so much .
if you were to drop your phone i don t see how this thing would protect it all .
next time i will try a different brand .
as another reviewer has noted ,  there is no consistency in the quality of this product .
i guess this product is not for everyone .
this case is extremely difficult to put on and take off .
i ,  like others ,  am not impressed with this new but not improved product .
and changing the rating from num_num stars to num_extend
but on this one there is a big ol  piece of plastic .
i bought a second one when i purchased the num_num in august num_extend
i thought i was getting a great product .
i heard so many good reviews on this and figured i would give it a try .
i d give it num_num or num_num stars if i found one that worked .   .
it is surprisingly loud ,  even for a hair dryer .
i have had some complaints from people saying they could not hear me .
the product was great when i first got it .
had this for a year or two and it stopped working completely .
as for me ,  it was a waste of time and money .
too bad as it appears that it will do a good job .
this fan is compact and powerful but curiously noisy .
the sound quality on these headphones is not good .
also it comes off easily when put in a pocket or purse .
we purchased this because of the excellent reviews .
they are very good quality and very comfortable .
customer service was great and refunded my money immediately .
this is very well made but it is harder to get on .
i was so disappointed with this product when i tried it on .
i heard the great reviews .  .  . thought i would give it a try .
i have removed it and changed my rating from three stars to one .
i took a chance on this because of the price .
i figured it was a bad battery so i bought a new one .
i guess i got what i payed for because it was very cheap .
other than that ,  idk why i bought this .
it was a great price but the quality and endurance sure fit what i had paid for .
if anyone has any suggestions ,  please let me know .
i ended up using a pair of pliers .
it is a struggle to pull my phone from this case .
i like the design idea of this item .
i read the reviews on this and was so pumped to get this product .
but % of the time it can t find the phone .
i was disappointed with this product on the basis of contents and quality .
when i read the positve reviews on this product ,  i ordered it .
the batteries that i bought from your company are the same as the batteries that came with that phone .
when i got this product the delivery time was good when it arrived .
that is more expensive ,  initially ,  but it is well worth the cost .
after reading the reviews ,  i though this product was going to meet my needs .
i purchased this product after reviewing the positive reviews of others and wish i had not .
though it is really cheap so its not really a big time loss so .
also ,  i read some bad things about this tea when reading the reviews .
i should have paid a bit more and gotten a quality product .
this is a case of you get what you pay for .
well made but simply too big all around .
there are much better bluetooth offerings out there .
i m very disappointed and had to change the star rating .
if that works ,  i will come back and amend my review .
i bought this product after reading many favorable reviews here .
i have always used zagg products int eh past .
i liked the look of it ,  but that is about it .
my final problem is with the cord length .
i think it s too pricey for what you re getting .
i found these to be huge ,  far bigger than a size num_extend
i guess i will just keep it for backup .
this might work for others , but not for me .
yes ,  it costs more but it is sooooo worth it .
i bought these with the intention of gifting them .
i ordered this device based on the positive reviews here on amazon .
now i know that i made the correct decision with this review .
this case is very strong and will protect your phone ,  i ll give it that .
i will update this review if i find a trick to making this work better .
the coffee itself is a wonderful  and ,  when purchased in the canisters ,  affordable  treat .
i have changed my rating from num_num stars to num_extend
i bought it here in amazon cause it was cheaper .
but in general ,  is a good product ,  just like is seen in pictures .
this camera disappoints on a number of levels .
first off ,  the blade seems to have sagged with use .
i have had many bluetooth headsets and this one is one of the worse .
it received stellar reviews here on amazon so i thought it was an easy buy also considering the price .
i ve had this for over a year now and it worked pretty well in the beginning .
after about an hour of use the batteries need to be changed .
i loved this item when i first purchased it .
i bought this as a gift for someone and they gave it back .
i suppose i got what i payed for .
it was way ,  way ,  way too bulky and cumbersome to live with on a daily basis .
i am amazed at the glowing reviews this product is getting .
i purchased this for the great reviews ,  but i must say i m not too impressed .
we bought this as a gift for a little girl our daughter exchanged xmas gifts with .
this little thing is made out of plastic .
for this i am downgrading my rating to only num_num stars .
i started thinking i was going to break my phone before i could get it out .
on a positive note ,  it was very simple to install .
after all the glowing reviews i had great hopes for this product .
i was extremely excited to test it out .
stupidly i got rid of it and just recently decided i d buy another .
so for this reason ,  i give it num_num instead of num_num star .
well ,  they sure look the same to me .
i wonder if it is going to rust soon .
i ordered a new battery which is what i expected to get .
i got this unit ,  loaded a battery and plugged it in .
i read all the reviews thinking that it was great ,  as many people said .
it was easy to set up and things seemed fine .
the sound is very weak compared to quite a few other equally priced headphones .
since receiving the pot ,  i ve yet to realize a rich robust coffee .
my sister gave me theese as a gift .
but if you drop it ,  it won t protect your phone .
i would say ,  for the product itself ,  it does what it says .
i must have read more than % of the reviews on amazon about the product .
has just a bit of wiggle but not much . to the plus ,  side texture offers good grip .
the color is nice and the fit is good but that s about it .
i went to the website ,  youtube and followed the instructions .
i bought this charger and it didn t work .
i dont doubt the quality of this product ,  it just didnt work out for me .
since i ordered num_num i was told they would replace num_num  free  ,  even though i really only needed num_extend
it was pretty good and reasonably accurate for as long as it worked .
i really wanted to like this but it s just too heavy .
at first glance this seems like such a great product .
i really wanted to like these ,  they are just adorable .
it was surprising given the glowing reviews at amazon that influenced my decision to buy it .
it has a taste that is a little unpleasant .
it s not a horrible battery but didn t last more than the oam and the last % drains so fast .
i bought this in december num_num for my daughter for christmas .
the circumference of the bowl is slightly smaller than the lid causing it to not fit .
in addition ,  it isn t that comfortable to wear for a long period of time .
it seems to happens when i make strong coffee .
i purchased this item based on the reviews .
thank you amazon for taking care of this so promptly .
i originally purchased one of these batteries as an extra for my canon num_extend
i am truly amazed at the number of really favorable reviews on this thing .
their food almost smells better after it s been digested .
this machine cleans wonderfully when it works and it is so easy to use .
even though i only paid $ for it .
i bought these headphones because i thought they were high quality and lightweight .
i only had it for num_num months and this is what i encountered .
to be honest ,  i didn t expect much from this .
a gi can opener is quicker and easier .
i thought for the price i could deal with it .
i was disappointed with the flavor  not fruity enough for me  .
nothing wrong with that ,  just thought it was going to be bigger .
i read good reviews on this product ,  so i thought i d give it a try .
i must say i was very dissapointed with this product .
taste is so so ,  not horrible ,  not great .
i  upgraded  to this model ,  thinking that something more expensive would last longer .
it looks like it s photo but it makes the phone so big and bulky .
if you tune the headphones properly the sound is mediocre  average  and thats not always the result .
i ended up buying something else that is larger .
this is the first product i ve ever returned .
i m returning it and am contemplating purchasing another one .
i paid num_num bucks ,  and that s what i should get for num_num bucks .
the price is really good ,  but there are reasons why the price is so cheap .
i bought this frontline thinking i was getting a good deal plus it was a amazon verified purchase .
great for suitcase travel but if you re just looking for something to store away clothes ,  blankets ,  etc .
this does not fit the verizon iphone num_extend
for some reason every time i use it my battery will run down fast .
you get what you pay for ,  i guess .
my daughter received this gift when she was about num_extend
i purchased these headphones as a refurbished unit .
it also doesn t protect the top and the bottom of the phone .
if you have the money ,  go ahead and buy .
after ready the mixed reviews on this product i decided to give it a try .
i have been using this stuff for years ,  and have always had marvelous results .
it doesn t feel or looks like a real leather to me .
the micro usb connector appeared to be too short .
it s adult sized ,  but not super big in circumference .
i purchased this phone but turned out defective .
it requires new batteries every num_num or num_num weeks ,  num_extend
i was so excited about this product based on all the fabulous reviews .
well ,  it does cover my ears comfortably well ,  but unfortunately thats all that is good about this headset .
well ,  in the end i found this to be a disappointing product .
i see that generally the reviews for this item are favorable .
besides that it dies seem to be sturdy and well made .
you don t always get what you pay for .
a thermal carafe is a nice idea because it keeps the coffee hot without scorching it .
the sound quality should be better than it is for the amount of money you re spending .
if you see a green light ,  it means all systems are ago .
they don t make anything like they used to i guess .
i read many of the reviews and was surprised anyone liked these .
it is a great product but it is not right for me .
could be i just got a defective one ,  but i like my motorola better .
didn t cost much but i did pay for it so i am not happy .
i m going to try the new samsung num_extend battery .
i have been using the product for almost num_num months .
i eventually had to rip the screen protector piece out ,  put my own on ,  and use it like that .
you get what you pay for i guess .
so i give kudos for their customer service .
i thought i would purchase this after reading rave reviews .
thank goodness i got these on a gold box deal .
i wish i would have spent more for a better one .
i bought this based on reviews and research .
sound quality is ok at low volumes but speakers  rattle  as you turn up the volume .
seems like this will last very long time so good or bad its a keeper .
it s also quite big and heavy to travel with .
it was fun while it worked ,  so i bought a second one for the other vehicle .
i bought these because i thought they were a good price .
so i clean all the parts that need to be cleaned and it was once again working great .
i was so excited to get this item after reading the other reviews .
i really don t have anything good to say about it .
i need to sharpen it after every use .
i was told the reason for this is because this is such a good price for the product .
so ,  if you love expresso and strong coffee ,  this is your drink .
this product has done wonders for me over the past year .
i evenutally had to replace it with a different one .
it looks nice ,  but doesn t work like the good and oldie !  too bad .
i too read the reviews on this product .
i bought this thinking it seemed too good to be true .
i was afraid it would break something if i forced it in .
i m shocked by the so many positive reviews .
if anyone has some suggestions please let me know .
very disappointed after reading all the good reviews .
the flavor is not terrible but not great .
back to canon only i guess because battery life is very important to me .
i had to go out and buy a new battery .
bought these because i thought they were a steal at $
well i have to pretty much agree with other reviewers here .
the quality on these was a little disappointing as well .
at least the sound is still good ,  but that s it .
the battery is now worthless ,  and doesn t hold a charge for more than about num_num minutes .
it s a subpar product that doesn t work as it s supposed to .
this was not an issue that was encountered .
i sent it back and got a full refund .
i purchased two of these for my glock and my ar .
so far  knock on wood  ,  the new one is working fine .
unfortunately it slips off too easily and it s not too good for protection .
i smashed my finger with it while trying to use it too .
read through the many reviews of this product and you will see what i mean .
i bought this after reading all the great reviews .
i was very excited to see this offered ,  so i ordered immediately .
at first i had the problem with it not sealing the lid also .
i even changed my rating from num_num stars to num_extend
oh well ,  you get what you pay for .
it seems to be of good quality with a good zipper .
it will not look like the picture shown .
i bought this toy for my son s num_extend birthday .
i will say the company s packaging and delivery was very good .
as the old saying goes  you get what you pay for  .
the color of the case is not the same as the pic online .
the product was packed well and had no visible damage .
also ,  i have some compact flash cards for my digital camera lying around .
i find those to be the best so far .
i ordered this about a month and half ago .
they didn t have my size so i bought them through amazon .
i bought this toy mostly based off the reviews on amazon .
this is advertized as a data transfer cable and guess what it works to transfer data .
once again ,  you get what you pay for .
when this coffee maker works ,  it makes a very good cup of coffee and has some great features .
the case fits but it is very loose .
i d gladly pay more for a better product .
i was not a fan of the smell either .
i wish i would have not purchased this .
this is very frustrating . the supplied headset is junk .
however ,  it is way to noisy even at the lowest setting .
the flash is a problem with these cases ,  when taking pictures .
notably ,  it doesn t work % of the time .
i found a better battery that does what it says it will do .
i guess for $ you can t expect much .
sadly this case when i first received it was a big disappointment .
like i said ,  you get what you re paying for .
do not waste your money on this product .
this battery will not hold a charge and was returned .
after about num_num mins my ears started to ache from the pressure of the headphones .
you basically have about num_num types of each .
its a cheap piece of plastic not worth the $ asking price .
this is not a bad product but it did not agree with me personally .
i loved this phone when i first got it .
it is edge to edge perfection that applied easily and shipped fast .
while it was working ,  it worked quite well .
i put the case on my phone and it was too big .
the cap has to be secured very tightly to ensure that it won t leak .
my num_num yo son got this for christmas .
i loved the color ,  but didn t work at all .
it did what it needed to do v .
it was more expensive but was very much worth it .
my daughter was given this toy as a gift .
i love ginger in cooking ,  and i even like eating pieces of it in dried form .
i read all the reviews and decided to try .
i bought this product originally because of all the rave reviews i read about it .
save your money and buy a new ups or oem battery .
and i didn t bounce num_extend which is why it got num_num stars instead of num_extend
but i thought i d be one of the lucky ones .
very loud when it is on the high setting .
in the end i think you really get what you pay for .
it is described as  universal for all microusb cable supported devices  .
this product is not of so good quality .
bought this for my girlfriend for her phone but she keep having issues of it falling off .
i made the thing work but will probably have to replace it in a year or so .
also ,  the battery has been a problem too .
i was very excited to find this product .
i ve only used this lite a handful of times ,  when i needed it .
but the one i got was made in china .
that s what you get for the price i guess .
i am normally an otter box fan ,  and i like otterbox products generally .
thank god for amazon tho i can just get a refund hassle free .
this product is pretty good when it works .
no idea if it has battery or if battery is dead .
my daughter received this toy as a gift .
the battery was manufactured in february num_extend but can barely hold a charge now .
this is not what i would expect of an expensive product .
it really does look nice ,  however ,  it doesn t work as promised .
i like the size ,  design and pricing for this bag .
at least on my head ,  these headphones really squeeze tightly ,  to the point that they were giving me headaches .
but i contacted the seller and got a full refund .
you get what you pay for in this case .
secondly ,  it has a really weird smell to it ,  like a thick oily smell .
i used this for about a year and it was pretty good .
in general ,  i second the rave reviews that others have written about it .
the light would be useful in some dim lighting situations .
i ordered this for my num_num year old grandson .
although it does protect the screen ,  the edges of the protector do not stay attached to the screen .
this coffee is actually very good for flavored coffee .
i guess it all comes down to this ,   you do get what you pay for  .
good case for $ but you get what you pay for .
the keyboard seems to shut itself off if it isn t used for a few minutes .
if anyone has any suggestions please let me know .
i have no other complaints with them other than this .
well ,  i bought this product taking in account reviews made by customers .
the material that it was made of is good quality and has good weight to it .
that s why its getting num_num stars instead of num_extend
at $ you get what you pay for .
this thermometer looks great ,  is easy to read and stays upright better than some .
have a lot of problems with the handle wiggling back and forth .
when it came it was a breeze to setup .
i was so excited to get this item .
if something works okay that is good enough .
so i paid just under $ for what is really worth num_num bucks .
gave this product a try and was so very ,  very disappointed because i really wanted to love it .
that s the only thing i can say at the moment .
therefore ,   you get what you pay for  is a true statement .
first of all ,  it s cheap plastic and made in china .
these speakers however don t seem to pack much bass though .
my children received this item as a gift for christmas .
i ordered this to carry a hotspot with charger .
for me it roland was a waste of money .
i guess you really do get what you pay for .
i will however say that this brand in general ,  i love .
i have to say that that i was not expecting much from this .
it might work . beside this ,  the machine is good .
not sure it is worth the trouble or expense ,  though .
just like they say you get what you pay for .
at this price i expected a little more .
i wish i would have bought another set .
i had bought these due to the really good price of $
i ve purchased a casecrown case for my iphone num_extend and it worked perfectly .
i ordered a num_extend and it was about a num_extend
the most attractive aspect of this product is it s light weight .
i m sorry to say that i was wrong .
i bought this based on the good product reviews .
if it works ,  i will update my review .
i own num_num cast iron skillets and thought this would be a nice addition .
i also found grilling vegetables to be a pain .
if it were possible i would give num_num stars .
my num_num year old was given this for his birthday .
i was disappointed all around on this product .
i purchased one of these num_num months ago .
the blade is very thick and the edges of the knife don t cut easily .
i really love the build of this bag ,  the many pockets comfort etc .
i ordered a num_extend and it was too small .
hi ,  as the price might suggest ,  you get what you paid for .
i am just thankful it was so cheap .
other than this design flaw ,  the headset is a nifty gadget with elegant controls ,  good battery life ,  etc .
i purchaced this on sale ,  thinking that kitchenaid was synonymous with quality .
i was very underwhelmed with this product for several num_extend it s caffinated .
i wasn t thrilled with this product at all .
i really wanted to like these ,  as the reviews have been so favorable .
you get what you pay for so for the price ,  it may be worth it to some .
the trident cases make the phone too big and bulky .
yeah ,  i followed the instructions provided ,  they were simple enough .
i will be looking for a different brand to replace this one .
i tried it out at the store first then decided to buy it .
but now i know you get what you pay for .
i have not used the product yet so i cannot comment on its effectiveness .
she is now num_num months old and has had this for num_num months .
that fact would explain the spate of bad reviews i saw on amazon .
i love the idea of this pan ,  and i purchased two of them .
also ,  my older phones  an num_extend and num_extend woked perfectly well .
also ,  doesn t do a great job of protecting the phone ,  as it will split apart in a drop .
i only gave it num_num star because there is no option to rate something zero stars .
its nice for looks but its not very functional .
anyways its cheap . its cheap ,  did i mention that ?  .
not to mention the price is pretty high .
the hot pink was very bright ,  and on the side not shown ,  it is mostly hot pink .
it offers good picture quality and decent sound quality .
i wish i had never bought it in the first place .
finally ,  the sound is ok at low volumes but distorts badly at mid to higher volumes .
i recently had to replace one of these under warranty .
for $ i would expect a much better performance . this is the best bluetooth i have ever had .
it broke after num_num months of gentle use .
you get what ya pay for i guess .
i was unimpressed with this product and disappointed after the reviews .
both products are dishwasher safe ,  so regular washing is easy for either .
the product is well made but really not functional .
i was very excited to get the num_extend
it is big ,  bulky ,  and made of annoyingly pliable plastic parts .
so then i had to use the knife .
i do love the color and it wears well once applied .
and the price is too much for the size .
it was really easy to put together ,  but that was the only thing that was good about it .
you get what you pay for with this one .
i ve only used it about num_num times before that started .
i m really glad amazon is not selling this anymore .
i thought it must be a particularly good one for this price .
you really do get what you pay for .
i ve been through a num_extend and a num_extend motorola bluetooth headsets .
i thought i bought a great purchase with these !  no .
sometimes you get exactly what you pay for .
this one is a newer model and not as good as the older model .
when it comes to buying books ,  amazon is far easier to use and alot more consumer friendly .
the design is great ,  the material seems to be of good quality ,  but the lenth .
there are better units available at this price point .
i can t say this product is junk because it s technically not .
i bought these bags thinking it was a great price for the amount of bags you get .
i will also note that i did not get the screen protector it claims to come with .
unfortunately ,  this $ headset does not match the sound quality of a $ wired headset with a boom mic .
it was well made but runs extremely small .
i will shop around for a different brand .
olay was just a waste of my money in the long run .
the cord is very short so it didn t work well for me .
it was highly rated so i bought it .
i bought this knife because i read all of the reviews saying how great and solid it is .
i bought this based on the great reviews .
this espresso maker was great while it lasted .
the pump works well and the smell is not unpleasant .
i went for it because it had positive reviews .
i actually used it for about num_num months .
i bought it to replace an older ,  crummier one that s seen lots of use and better days .
i bought this product based upon all the glowing reviews .
i will update this review after i get a response . p . s .
i was really excited to get this case .
we have purchased these in the past and they have worked very well .
i ve been using it for couple of months and honestly i do not see any difference .
it smells weird ,  i wouldn t say good ,  a little powdery but not horrible .
first off ,  i am usually a size num_num across the spectrum of shoes .
wasn t hard and was very disappointed in this product .
i guess by reading the reviews i thought this would be the best grinder out there for the price .
i bought this ,  but decided to return it .
much too small ,  i thought they might be a little larger than they are .
the handle is too fat for my liking .
i bought this and had to return it .
if it works out i will update this review .
i was skeptical about this product from the get go .
i figured i d give it a chance with all the good reviews i ve read .
the only plus is that when it does work ,  it charges very quickly .
worked fine for about num_num months ,  then broken .
i could get them for $ cheaper at amazon ,  so i ordered them .
i bought a new battery and tossed the old one thinking this was the problem .
but really ,  i am not okay with the terrible sound quality .   .
i am surprised there are so many good reviews on this product .
i tried to like this product but it didn t work for me .
the sound is mediocre at best but the worst thing about this headphones is how uncomfortable they are .
hope i have saved someone else this same experience .
first time i used it ,  it was good .
the gift recipient said the product tasted good .
i m sorry to report i bought this based on its great reviews .
i got this as a gift for our daughter when she was around num_num months old .
i can t tell that my makeup actually looks better to be honest ,  or that it stays on longer .
and the wallet is extremely mini .  .  . just a bit larger than the palm of my hand .
i replaced the battery and everything was fine .
amazon is kind enough to refund me the money .
i bought this headphone for use with my desktop and laptopcomputers .
i thought it might not but was willing to try .
they re a little more expensive but still very affordable .
at least i heard their customer servise is good .
amazon did their part and gave me a refund .
i just bought it and am already planning on returning it .
it s not intuitive to use and took many frustrating minutes to figure it out ,  even with the instructions .
at first glance i thought the colors were great .
but when it does work it is nice to have .
the fit was great ,  very lightweight and comfortable .
i could not get this to work for me .
but i am not happy with this purchase .
as a consumer ,  i rely heavily on amazon reviews .
i received this food processor as a wedding gift and was so excited because i love to cook .
it also didn t really feel like it fit my phone very well .
i ve used it several times and absolutely no difference .
my unit came with a pair of num_extend batteries connected in series to the ups .
at first i thought my batteries were no good so i bought new ones etc .
it is not too hard to clean and does a decent job .  .  . could be better .
the belt looked allright ,  but once i replaced it there was a big improvement .
num_extend cost me $ total and also has num_extend
i don t think it s a bad product ,  just not for me .
i bought this because it had many positive reviews .
and sooo much bigger than in the picture .
this product didn t work as well as i had hoped .
while this is a great looking product and worked well for a little while ,  it is now trash .
i have had my phone replaced num_num times .
this replaced the oxo good grips smooth edge can opener that i d had for many years .
also took over a month to get the item .
i think i payed like $ for it so whatever .
the only good thing i can say about this product is that it is very quiet .
if i d paid attention i d have seen the other reviews stating it doesn t fit right; and it doesn t .
the finish remaining was also very splotchy and looks bad .
i have dropped my rating from num_num to num_num stars . hope this helps .
also the cable comes out of the side of the dc adapter plug .
i can t quite figure out all the num_num star reviews .
i definitely got what i paid for ,  however .
other than that the item quality is good and it s holding up .
this was pretty cheap ,  so i got what i paid for .
but the charger is not put together very well .
i m not sure how long it will last .
i thought they would be a little bigger then they actually are .
my num_num year old son got this product for his birthday .
it s only some plastic and ,  upon inspection ,  does not seem like a very robust design .
i will try something else from a different brand .
ive read lots of great reviews and have decided to give it a try .
id say purchase a cheaper product like this .
first ,  i bought a large ,  then an extra large  xl  .
the quality of this product seems to be alright ,  but it doesnt fit my num_extend
i don t know why anyone rated this anything higher than num_num stars .
i usually have it with peanut butter or use it to make s mores .
if you buy this product ,  make sure to get the proper size !  .
this product feels great when you put it on .
i knew i was taking a chance with this considering how cheap it was .
when you pay $ for a coffee maker you expect to get quality .
i will be returning it and buy another one .
oh well . pros :  small size ,  and it s really cheap .
i got these because i love mostly every on product .
in terms of aesthetics ,  the design of the product is very nice .
the fact is :  you get what you pay for .
when that happens audio quality is pretty good .
i had hoped to take this kit with me on camping trips .
i only use it on the lowest setting now .
i always wanted to like these headphones ,  but they just hurt my head and ears too much .
but it is good material and well made .
got rid of my former waffle maker  very similar to this one  because the waffles started sticking .
i know after all these reviews i was excited to purchase .
i will likely gift mine away to someone who enjoys it .
the sound quality is pretty good for the price ,  but it didn t matter .
the handle is cocked at an angle so that it twists the wrist when using it .
i love their product and i want to see anker make better products .
the only good thing was that it was cheap .
this case looks really nice on my white iphone num_extend but thats about it .
ok ,  i ll be honest ,  i m giving this a num_num star for one reason .
having said that ,  i like everything else about this product .
i could have saved myself many hours of frustation .
not happy with the quality of this product .
it worked but after using it for about a month ,  it finally broke .
listen to the other reviews who rate it low .
this was enough to occupy my time for roughly num_num minutes .
this is a good product but too expensive for what u get .
the unit was easy to setup and use .
amazon did refund my money when i contacted them .
fortunately ,  amazon s service in that regard is excellent .
they didn t stick as well as other brands i ve tried as well .
i don t think i will purchase these again .
i have tried it with several phones and it will not connect .
i purchased these as a gift for my son in colorado .
the brushed stainless steel was breathtaking and it seemed a superb addition to our kitchen .
i bought this knife in my search for a new edc .
i read the directions ,  then got to work .
i ve used good screen protectors and i m in the market for another .
i returned the product and was given a full refund .
this coffee maker is gorgeous coming out of the box !  we couldn t wait to try it out .
hello ,  this product did not meet my expectations .
i purchased this just a couple of weeks ago .
i would advise you purchase american made items .
this product caused problems with my ability to charge my iphone and i actually had to replace the phone .
i ve had this for approx num_num years and haven t used it as much as i d hoped .
i take a lot of photos with my iphone so i thought it would be helpful .
sounded really good because i like fruit juice .
the amazon subscription price was a great deal ,  so i went for it .
i wasn t expecting much and somewhat prepared by the negative reviews here ,  but i am still dissaponted .
i can t get the sound that i hear to be reasonably good .
because of the reviews i had to try these .
i feel as thought it was a waste of my money . tom .
it doesn t seem to hold much compared to how much room it takes up .
i purchased this knife in may of num_extend
perhaps it was just a fluke ,  but maybe not .
i bought this thinking it was for the iphone num_extend
at first ,  this seemed like a good purchase .
i am very sceptical of many of the reviews here .
on the positive side ,  it s light and very compact making it easy to carry .
that said ,  i can tell that the material is sturdy ,  more so than it appears in the photo .
nice gadget to have around the house ,  though .
i just think it could have been better designed .
i got this cookie scoop with the idea of making my cookies all the perfect size with ease .
this charger worked fine for a while but now it has a bad connection somewhere inside .
i was using this kettle to heat water for tea every day .
my original review of this product was quite favorable .
the thing is huge and weighs a ton ,  also it s just too much .
it s not terrible ,  but it s not very pretty .
as the old saying goes you get what you pay for .
the num_extend is the all around best so far .
i bought these for my num_num year old son .
as the old adage goes ,  you get what you pay for .
i thought the plastic wasnt as beandable as it is .
i bought this vacuum because of the great reviews on amazon .
when i first received these glasses ,  i was happy .
i had brand new carpet installed and some hardwood floors too .
the total i paid for this order is $  including shipping  .
i don t like the way this screen protector feels on my phone .
callers complain that they can t hear me ,  and i have trouble hearing them .
i don t think it s bad coffee ,  just really really strong .
the color was about the same too come to think of it .
if you re gonna buy ,  buy a size larger .
i bought this for myself and my mom because it was cheap .
with all the glowing reviews ,  i had to try this .
either it is my phone which is under num_num years old ,  or the battery doesn t work .
was going to buy until i read the reviews .
this color was so bright and i loved it .
oh yes it worked great for about num_num months .
might work well if you were using bluetooth .
the price is about the same but the quality is much better .
i even changed the batteries  again !   to get it to come back to life .
on the plus side this fan is quiet ,  has a timer ,  is sleek .
it is not very sturdy and does not hold up well .
i had high hopes because of all the reviews i read about it .
i was expecting a lot from this product ,  based on the other reviews .
because the handle is so heavy ,  it turn this way and that way without you wanting it to .
ok ,  i have to admit ,  the price of this item did not have my expectations unfairly high .
so ,  i contaced amazon and had a replacement sent .
the odd part seems that this seems to be random .
i got my money s worth out of these lacies !  .
i was very excited to use them for the first time .
i can t think of one good thing to say about this product .
she enjoys it very much and can play with it daily .
first off ,  this is a very large case .
i was stoked about the previous reviews so i took a chance on this .
which the handle was longer since you cant get a good grip on it .
bought this on a whim at the store to try .
i was so excited about this product after seeing so many good reviews .
i purchased this for my youngest daughter s first birthday .
first off ,  let me say that the unit was extremely quiet and looks nice .
not as good as i hoped it would be .
this stuff does taste good and is convenient to prepare .
at almost $ i don t consider this anything but overpriced .
i gave it num_num stars because at least it did  work  sort of .
i bought this based on all of the positive reviews .
the item is boasting a num_num year warranty .
i bought this hoping to increase the lifespan on my num_extend
on the plus side ,  every time it fell off my phone was still in the holder .
i owned this vacuum for less than a year before i threw it out in the trash .
i am really ,  really disappointed in this product .
i have owned a variety of headphones over the years .
my phone slipped right out of it when i picked it up .
i had to contact product support and they send me a new replacement item .
one good thing about it is it smells good .
they are a lot thinner than i would have expected .
it s cheap ,  but you do get what you pay for in this case .
when i first purchased these i thought they were great .
much easier to use and half the price .
i m amazed at all the good reviews people have given this product .
my son received this as a present for his num_extend birthday .
after you are done wipe down with a basic polishing cloth .
too bad the battery doesn t last that long .
cheap imitation of other products on sale here at amazon .
i found this to be a waste of money .
i would suggest that regular coffee drinkers get a burr type grinder with a hopper and grind storage box .
sometimes it felt more like pain in my ear .
i usually have good luck with the products i ve bought on amazon .
i bought this num_num years ago but should have returned it immediately .
i bought this based on all the glorious reviews on this product .
i m truly mystified by the many good reviews this product has received .
the knife looks great and so does the sheath .
i dropped my phone the first day i got the case and a huge chunk of plastic came off .
i wasn t too fond of the smell either .
my experience with this product was very disappointing .
it sux even with with my num_extend overclocked .
as pretty as it looks in the picture ,  it really isn t as sturdy as it should be .
i didn t ,  and it was way smaller than i expected .
i was very hopeful when i ordered this that it would be as great as people said it was .
so if you re a num_num try either num_num or num_extend
it didnt fit my phone but that was my fault .
it s not different from the original battery that comes in the phone .
if you do ,  i am not sure how long it lasts .
better product ,  shipped as advertised ,  quickly ,  with no problems ,  very fresh can ,  with clear born on date .
this coffee smells great but it is like drinking flavored water .
obviously it does because others have posted positive reviews .
i ve been taken this for approximately a month .
this cable was very affordable ,  but you get what you pay for .
it would have been a five star review .
however ,  i was very upset with this product .
i have now purchased two of these and i do like the product .
i think this was my favorite gift this christmas .
i subsequently ordered an almost identical item on amazon from another company and am pleased with it .
it is not nearly as bright as i had hoped .
at first i was excited about this product .
i was so excited to get this product .
i had to use a knife to pry the suction loose .
says it itches and is too heavy ,  then adding a phone makes it even more heavy .
i bought these for my husband based on the good reviews here .
i bought this for my daughter at num_num mos .
i was so excited to see this in my gold box and bought it immediately .
i have read good things about this brand and finally took the plunge to buy it .
they don t make them like they used to .
my num_extend child got this as a gift for his num_extend birthday .
this maybe for an older model because it doesn t look like anything like the final version .
very cheap price ,  but you get what you pay for .
this headset would have been nice ,  but absolutely no multipoint ,  will not connect to num_num devices at one time .
plugged in the ac power adapter that came with the unit .
for me ,  this was a waste of money .
this one though dosen t even show a brand name .
let me start by saying i love tea ,  and have cupboards full of it ,  which i drink regularly .
the screen protector fits perfectly but does not last long .
i learnt my lesson after buying it and then having it replaced once .
extremely difficult to get on and off the phone .
it s more of a flashlight than a lamp .
once it does get going it opens the can really easily .
i have seen other reviews describing this same problem .
if you want a durable case that protects your phone get something else .
i would recommend one size bigger than what you want .
i had to push it down repeatedly while scrubbing .
so i thought i would give it a try .
it does not fit on the iphone num_extend
i think that the flavor was not good .
i should have expected this poor quality for the price but .
the product is solid ,  well made and the software is easy to use .
i can t believe that this product has such great reviews here .
i wanted to like this product based on some of the reviews but i just can t .
i will keep this one as a backup case .
this cover is cute to look at but it will not protect your iphone .
when i ordered this ,  i did not pay attention to the width .
i will try to use it when the time comes .
i thought by the picture it was much nicer and sturdier .
this item works fine but for some reason it doesn t fit my ear .
the smell is rather strong and sweet ,  which is mostly what i didn t care for .
i purchased this product based on the reviews i saw on amazon .
i was not impressed with the quality of it for the amount i paid for it .
it is just a screen protector not anti spy like described .
i ll update this review if there is any change .
it was ,  and it was tight enough ,  too .
lastly the handle does not move up and down smoothly .
i bought two of these before and they were fine .
the flavor is not bad ,  and it doesn t burn .
i m now using a corded headset and still on the lookout for a good sounding bluetooth headset .
they cost about $ and will last you forever .
this is a nice product but nothing extraordinary .
thought this would be a lot better than it actually is .
you pay for what you get when it come to this product .
i dont even need it now i sent the phone back and i got a different phone now .
i don t know how or why it works .
as many others have said these cables do not work for charging your phone .
don t know if my phone is rejecting it or the battery is not made for this phone .
make sure you order the size right for you .
when a friend urged me try this ,  i gave it a go .
my phone doesn t always read that it s hooked up and it doesn t charge the phone .
when the phones are working ,  the sound is good .
it needs more of the cup to fit properly for larger cup sizes .
you pay for what you get i guess lol .
if you plan on actually using this num_extend
i have an average to large head and they are too tight .
you get what you pay for though i guess .
the case this comes with scratches my phone .
the price was very cheap ,  but now i see why .
if it were $ i would say buy it .
i was taken in by the small size and claim of num_extend
i really had to scrub to get it off .
i like it ,  it feels good and exfoliates well .
first of all ,  even for a betta ,  it is too small .
it seems like a very expensive price for what you get .
however ,  my issue with this was the smell .
i was very skeptical to purchase this but there were some great reviews so i thought why not .
but i think it s too expensive for what it is .
i was pretty excited to see this available on amazon .
this is by far the worst screen protector i have ever purchased .
i was thrilled when i first bought it .
i purchased this for my brother ,  and he found it excellent at first; loved the color .
but you get what you pay for ,  right ?  .
in any case ,  i highly recommend amazon and will always patronize this company .
i will update this review once i get it to work  or not  .
gonna try to find my old charger and buy that when i find it .
the photo on the amazon site is incorrect .
the items purchased were fine ,  and delivered promptly .
it s more expensive ,  but it s worth it compared to this stuff .
i bought this item because of the reviews .
as the rest of the reviews indicate  those i did not trust when i decided to buy them anyway  .
do not be fooled by the low price .
so maybe we did get our money s worth all things considered .
i gave num_num stars ,  since when i got it to make a good cup ,  the coffee wasn t bad .
:   plus the price of this wasn t all that bad compared to what i ve paid for in the past .
the price is cheap and so is the quality .
for that ,  i am giving only num_num stars .
i bought two of these ,  and the first one works great .
but based on other reviews ,  i purchased it because they all said that it s a better brand .
also ,  playback is not noisy and the picture and sound is pretty good .
the price was outstanding and i was excited about getting them .
same thing !  i see at least one other review complaining about the same problem .
i ll post photos to show what i am talking about .
some of the screw holes were not punched all the way through .
for the price of this i expected better .
i wear an num_extend and ordered a num_extend
maybe its my fault for not reading everything correctly first but this is very small size .
it seems like a waste of money to me .
i gave this a shot after reading mixed reviews .
i bought two different ones since these were so cheap .
i thought it was a fluke like i didn t follow the instructions properly .
when you find something you like ,  stick with it .  .  . lesson learned .
i guess you get what you pay for .
i don t hate it ,  but i don t love it .
i guess i just got a bad battery or something .
this thing is humongous !  it takes up too much space .
i bought two of these and thought at first they were great .
the pink is more of a light pink ,  not hot pink .
i changed the rating from num_num stars to num_extend
when i bought this filter it was working perfectly and was really quite .
i don t have much to say about the product .
my kids received this as a christmas present .
it took almost two weeks to receive item .
i read the reviews and then made the purchase .
i was very happy with it at first ,  since it was very easy to use .
i have tried to use this popcorn gadget on several microwave settings .
also the list price is too high on this amazon site .
i dont think it has double the battery life of the original battery .
does a great job when it is operational !  .
the user reviews on this product on amazon . com were good .
the ingredients are better than those in competitor products .
this will be my last braun coffee maker .
i was initially so thrilled with this device that i bought my brother one too .
the first time i used it ,  it was fine .
i have bought num_num sets ,  in the last num_num months .
the lid does not stay on very well .
the handle is big ,  bulky and heavier than need be .
it works and the price is not bad but low quality turns me off .  . will not buy another .
i m truly surprised by all the good reviews here .
i guess you get what you pay for here .
after that it does what it supposed to .
after reading the great reviews i decided to try this product .
the handle screw continually comes loose which makes the handle itself loose and wobbly .
difficult to get in and out of pocket .
i actually love this product and have ordered and used it before .
and it also the protector wasn t cut to fit the screen properly .
from the reviews i read i was expecting more .
i can get it to fit in my ear ,  but the fit of the earbuds is very poor .
the reviews were great so i assumed i d love it ,  too .
the only thing good about this product is that its cheap and it has a cover .
i have had other things from this brand that i did not like as well .
the screen is not very responsive to touch and it s very small ,  not good for small children .
i jumped onto amazon and sure enough there it was .
i m sorry to say that i was not pleased at all with this product .
bought this after reading all the positive reviews .
i bought this on a whim and to be honest ,  i got what i paid for .
i thought these would be decent for the price .
this was suppose to be a christmas gift !  .
i wish they could give you the option of colors to choose from !  .
the problem with these is that the bluetooth is either very weak or poorly implemented .
it fits snuggly and has a slick design that was not cumbersome .
it may look cheap ,  but you are honestly getting what you are paying for ,  and no more .
the device ,  however ,  doesn t fit comfortably around my ear .
i was discouraged about the flavor of my morning coffee from my drip coffee pot .
if i could give it num_extend star i would .
keeps the screen from contacting surfaces where you lay your phone .
the plastic it is made out of is cheap cheap cheap .
i won t argue the sound of this headset ,  it is nice .
it was a total waste of money for me .
i ve been using on products for a little over a year now .
this is cheap as in price and in quality .
fortunately amazon is great and refunded my purchase price .
it works but it is bulky and it takes up a lot of room .
i did a thorough cleaning before boiling water in the pot and dumped the water .
its a flimsy piece of plastic that will easily crack if flexed .
i had read great reviews about these and bought them .
it s been num_num weeks !  !  ! other than that ,  i ve used this product before .
did not work as well as others i have tried .
i thought this product would be so much better than it was .
i also have to take the phone out for charging .
this worked for a couple of weeks with no problem .
this is not a rapid charger as advertised .
i wish i could rate this a num_extend
the original samsung battery that came in my phone lasted num_num years and held it s charge for hours .
ive had other bluetooth headsets and none of them ever had this problem .
very nice product but not good for me .
i was excited to open it .  . and the packaging inside is very lovely .
these are cheap ,  cheap cheap in all aspects .
the worst aspect of the phone is the poor battery life .
the quality of the screen protector is poor .
this coffee doesn t taste bad ,  but it doesn t smell like coffee .
i have had it for over two years and never had an odor problem .
spend a few dollars more and get better quality .
so this is a cheap way to stop your screen from being damaged .
i received it in a timely fashion ,  and well packaged .
i have yet to be able to charge a phone .
when i first started using these headphones ,  i thought they were superb .
it is also expensive for what you get .
i guess that s about all i can say about it .
all i can say is that amazon customer service is awesome .
i m responding to this product because it was the most difficult and disappointing .
first ,  it took me a long time to figure out how to use it .
the one i received also did not look like the one pictured .
to be completely fair ,  this product is exactly as described online .
for that reason ,  i updated my review from num_num stars to num_num  although num_extend stars would be about perfect  .
while this buzz is good size and a great looking toy .
when i put it on ,  it fit so wrong .
i could not get this thing to work .
i am not happy with the color either .
i ve had several upss now for a while .
there is a reason why you get num_num for $
length and playing while charging is nice though the cord can be a downer .
i bought this case because it was a cheap knock off of otterbox .
the  ear attachment  and its hinge is made of flimsy plastic .
the price was too good to be true .
it has alot more features and makes a great pot of coffee ,  hot too !   .
i m sure it might work well for some ,  but unfortunately not me .
i did read the reviews before i purchased this product but purchased it anyway .
i have been using this for about num_num weeks now and it has absolutely made no difference .
so i had to lower my star rating down to two .
i read the other great reviews and decided to give it a chance .
i have four of their batteries and two chargers .
on a good note ,  the product arrived on time and was well packaged .
i wish there was a rating for value in regard to price ,  which i would have given num_num star .
i recieved this as a chirstmas gift and was excited .
the first thing i did was upgrade the firmware to the latest version .
i read lots of reviews for this product .
my cat seems to be allergic to these .
but that s about all that i can say .
although the quality of the screen protector seems good ,  it is very difficult to apply .
i bought this by mistake and had to return it .
either way ,  i will use this every day until it s gone .
ok so maybe it only takes num_num minutes .
this got such great reviews i wanted to try it .
either way ,  i may need to purchase another one .
i tried this product based on pretty good reviews .
it would have been nice had it been much larger .
so ,  i ordered one size smaller ,  but they were more like num_num sizes smaller .
makes my glasses super grippy  not worth the discomfort though  .
it took a month to get this item .
i use this after a shower and feel refreshed .
i was impressed with the quality and the fit .
it is also hard to take the case off of the phone .
this was a huge waste of money for me .
granted the product is very cheap ,  but i decided to try it out .
the size was small and it is very light .
after so many reviews i decided to buy this .
bought it from amazon ,  so was able to exchange it for another one .
thank goodness i only paid $ for it .
after it began to fail ,  i purchased num_num more .
i need at least a num_extend maybe num_extend
i just ordered a samsung tab dedicated charging system and hope it works .
i was soooo excited to get this case .
i like how amazon says they come in  frustration free packaging  .
i had great expectations for this product because of the reviews that people have written in here .
and like i said ,  i m a real fan of your products .
for the price i can t be too disappointed .
then i would purchase it again; otherwise ,  no !  !  !  .
while i love the colors of this case ,  that s about all i love .
which is what this product claims to do .
looks far better online than the real stuff .
this item was priced really low so i guess i got what i paid for .
i wish i had never wasted my money .
this was a waste of money for me .
with the handle being that it curves inward it is very awkward to get use to .
the flavor was not as good as i had expected .
i now have something else to buy batteries num_extend
i saw the ratings n read the reviews n decided to give it a try .
i would advise on getting a different brand .
for that ,  i ll definitely order from them again .
i purchased it to be used with a new phone ,  but i had problems with the new phone .
i tried with multiple types of phones ,  and it just doesn t cut it .
sometimes a higher price doesn t equate to higher quality .
i read the reviews and hoped for the best since it has more good than bad .
i was very happy with this product in the begining ,  it fits well .
if it was just a go forward num_extend and stop i d give it five stars .
if you have small hands ,  probably not so much .
i ve been using this product for about num_num days .
i generally don t have a very discerning palate when it comes to coffee .
i ended up buying another ,  more expensive case .
i ve had this knife for about two years and at this point it s pretty much beyond saving .
had one on my old phone and loved it ,  well worth the $
that s not such a great deal to me .
initially this battery worked very well and provided about num_num hours of use .
it is rather lightweight and  cheap  in appearance and materials .
it seems to be well made ,  and the stitching is on par .
i started out very happy with this product .
i ve had this for years and am now shopping for a new one .
i don t think i would buy it again ,  though .
originally ,  i ordered a size num_extend but it was way too small .
first off ,  this thing is much bigger than what it appears .
the first time i used this ,  it worked perfectly .
yes its cheap ,  you get what you pay for .
also i think the size runs a bit small .
i washed it well and it looked fine .
this product was extremely cheap when i ordered it .
for some odd reason my hand cramps terribly .
the case is too large and doesn t hold the phone very well at all .
you can read the other reviews for the technical aspects .
the top lid is not snuggly fitted to the opening and will fall out .
i was so disappointed when i got it .
reading the other reviews ,  i know i am not the only one with this problem .
thought i would try these based on the good reviews .
this product was cheaper and got good reviews so i tried it .
this one was an impulse buy on amazon .
i am not a happy camper with this battery charger .
i have arthritis in both hands and this was supposed to be easy gripping .
at first ,  i was very happy with this purchase .
this isn t a bad product ,  it just isn t what i expected .
this case looks nice from the outside and it appears to have a nice fit and finish .
the product appears to be ok other than that .
i never had a more difficult time putting on a simple screen protector than these .
the product is nice but it s not what i thought it would be .
everything you read in the other reviews is correct .
nothing against the product i thought it was fine .
i used it for the first time and it didn t seem to really work for me .
i bought this based on all of the positive reviews that were previously posted .
i have owned this product for about a year .
it worked well the first time i used it .
if so ,  i will revise my review accordingly .
worked good ,  but it broke after a few uses .
i m surprised at the number of num_num star reviews .
i had one for my iphone num_extend which was awesome and protected my phone well for over num_num years .
now i think it was really a waste of money .
but since i paid so little for it .
i purchased this as a gift for some friends  son .
it s $ or less also on ebay and probably here at amazon . com also .
make sure you know the size before you buy .
the sound is good and the price is right ,  but it s not a model of reliability .
hopefully software updates can address the issues above to make these worthwhile .
it s not that the handle fits my hand poorly ,  on the contrary it fits fine .
this product is nice and there are many things that i like .
i mean i paid ,  what ,  $ for the thing so wasn t expecting the best but at least working quality .
it also gets very hot ,  even on the lowest temperature .
otherwise ,  it is what it is and at least it s not expensive .
i think i should have ordered a size num_extend
i bought this based on positive reviews ,  but it didn t work out for me .
it may cost a bit more ,  but well worth the time and money ,  and lack of frustration !  .
easy to use interface with only num_num control buttons plus a shutter num_extend
let me explain why . first these headphones to me don t fit in my ears well ,  even with the various tips .
however ,  i was greatly disappointed in this product .
the color is consistent with the photo ,  however .
i got a scratch on my phone and it went right thru it .
i ended up spending a little more money to get one that lasts .
i bought this based on reviews that it is very operator and has good battery life .
i purchased these for my husband to wear while working in the or .
for the price ,  i figured i d take the chance .
i read the mixed reviews and thought i d give it a try .
i felt the product didn t work for me .
i rated this a num_num stars because ms .
this was a birthday gift for my num_num yr .
at first ,  i loved the reviews ,  so i bought it .
i bought this only after mulling over the reviews .
i can t understand the enthusiastic reviews for this product .
based on all the great reviews ,  i ordered this and was really hoping that it would work .
so this seemed like an excellent gift for her .
i ve been using these for a year and liked the product .
you can get better ones that have everything you need for a few bucks more .
not a reliable machine for the daily or serious coffee drinker .
i used it for a year before giving up .
it was his christmas gift and it brought him pure joy .
the only good thing i can say is that it doesn t have an odor at all .
people always complain that they cannot hear me .
i bought this product because of the rave reviews .
they are only used num_num times a week at most .
after replacing the battery the phone began to act very strange .
bought this a gift because i heard it was great .
you are better off getting something that is a bit more expensive .
you can get it on amazon for just over $
this is a cheaply made and simple  surprisingly simple  product .
i have not found one that would work yet .
i bought this as a gift for my husband and at first he loved it .
but i have yet to see this product perform .
and that s really all there is to say about soe .
i got compliments on it every time i wore it .
these look fantastic and are even relatively comfortable .
this product has great reviews and many people love it .
first time i got it ,  it was not working .
it broke after few months of use and i had to get it repaired .
for the price i expected a much better product .
i have owned this product for a number of years .
i will possibly try another brand next time i buy .
i will be throwing it in the trash .
i bought this based on other s positive reviews ,  but i do not share those same positive opinions at all .
i got it because it was cheap ,  it was alright .
if you turn the speaker up to hear better ,  it becomes distorted and crackles .
the battery however is amazing and found it easier to just go without the cover .
they are cheap so it s not that bad i guess .
if it were just a little bigger ,  i would love them .
i must say i was and still am quite disappointed with this product .
it s a shame because it does deliver good sound quality at a reasonable price .
the price may be right but it doesn t work for me .
it is cheaply made :  very light ,  and very small .
they may cost more but are worth the extra .
i went back to the brand i was using before .
i was dissatisfied and disappointed with this product .
the material and construction of this item is good ,  but .
size was a lot smaller than i ever expected .
i was excited to like this product but it was just not good quality .
i change them about num_num times a day .
we bought these num_num years ago ,  and they were great while they lasted .
my num_num year old got this for christmas from his brother .
at times ,  it does not connect to my phone properly .
i saw all the wonderful reviews of this product and ordered it .
so i returned it and got a new unit .
also the colors were not as vibrant as pictured ,  almost not even the same colors .
it was heavier than i expected ,  and i struggled to roll out my dough evenly .
i read the reviews on this and thought i was getting a great product .
i used this product for the first time and was very disappointed .
i didn t find anything great with this product .
and the flavor ,  well ,  the flavor left me unimpressed .
for this price though what do you expect ?  .
i have bone spurs and feet pain from arthritis  hands also  .
too small ,  like a few sizes off too small .
the point of a screen protector is protection .
i probably wouldn t buy again but the price is great .
this is the second product i have purchased made my microids .
i bought two and both of them are on their way back to amazon .
yes ,  it s cheaper than most and there is a reason for that .
i was determined that this was the coffee maker that i had to have .
therefore ,  i have lowered my rating to num_num stars .
i still intend on using it until it doesnt work any more .
but when i actually got it i was disapointed .
and the fit seemed perfect  size small for a num_num lb .
don t waste your time or money with this case .
i agree with the majority of the other reviews .
i have two tablets i wanted to charge with this charger .
after about num_num uses the charger shorted out and ruined a battery .
fortunately the company was willing to give me a refund when i sent them back .
the fit in my ear was not that great and hurt my ear after a while .
i m actually surprised how many good reviews this thing got .
i will purchase a different brand going forward .
seems like a small thing but it gets annoying .
my phone was working perfect before i installed this new battery .
it was also much smaller than i expected it to be .
the velcro seems to work okay ,  but we ll see how long it holds up .
i bought this thing because it looked well thought out and i had heard good things about it .
as the saying goes ,  you get what you pay for .
fine ,  i understand those little pieces of plastic won t last forever .
this is definitely a get what you pay for .
worked fine and easy to install in the beginning .
i won t go as far as to say that this is a bad product .
this item was packed fine and arrived in working order .
the  fine  grind setting is just not fine enough for espresso .
the screen is not bright enough in a sunny day .
eventually the cord got frayed and i had to replace it with this piece of garbage .
after reading all the positive reviews and seeing the raves for this product ,  i decided to try it out .
both did not work the company sent me a replacement one it also did not work .
you get what you pay for in this instance !  !  !  .
they look good the lenth is very good .
i don t even understand how its supposed to work anyway .
i have used several plantronics ,  some i liked ,  some i loved .
but not as good as i would have thought it would be .
it is not bad ,  but far from the best .
you pretty much get what you pay for with this .
the great price was too good to be true .
well ,  sort of sad ,  but not a dealbreaker .
this item took over a month to be delivered .
the leather is not high end leather looks closer to plastic than leather .
i am kind of disappointed of this product .
so i have been using this product for years .
i saw that this product had many glowing reviews so that is why i bought it .
i prefer to pay more money for getting a better quality .
if it were not a gift ,  i would have taken it back .
it was a very nice product at the moment .
i got small size but still feels like it s a large size .
i have used several different brands of dry apply screen protectors .
i wasn t happy at all with these headphones .
i bought a num_extend which is a comfortable size for me .
i wish i wouldn t have wasted money on this .
and ,  this is advertised as holding num_num cups .
i purchased this unit several years ago and has worked well until recently .
it is usable and does what it should but i do not use it anymore .
i had ordered this product before and i was extremely happy with it .
you have to get everything just right for it to work .
the idea behind this product is a good one .
a usb charger should do one thing :  provide power to your devices .
the smell isn t the least bit offensive and it washes off cleanly .
the only thing i do like is the color .
i watched youtube video s for how to s and followed the instructions .
i was expecting this to be a good product and was disappointed .
i bought one of these for my brother and was pleased with it at first .
i bought this a couple of weeks ago .
very disappointed with this product as i expected more .
it s best used as a dip or similar .
i bought these because there were a shocking number of great reviews for them .
all things considered it is not a bad $ deal but .
i ordered this after having read the reviews .
this is the main thing that s been improved from part num_extend
i should have listened to the other reviews on this product but thought i would give it a try .
it reminds me of the regular starbucks blend of coffee ,  which i don t care for .
these are reasonably nice and quiet when they work right .
when i get a reply ,  i ll try to update this review .
poor reviews meant i was not going to buy it .
this was a waste of money for my use .
seems like a quality product but i had problems with it .
i found the material to be thin and not satisfactory .
i also think the price is on the high side .
i would love to find a bluetooth headset that the manufacturer does not consider to be defective .
this really didn t work at all as i expected .
my mother purchased this for my daughter for christmas .
in fact ,  despite some minor irritations ,  this is an overall good product .
had high hopes for this product ,  considering other reviews i read .
this product is super cheap ,  you get what you pay for .
anyway ,  before i purchased it i had read the bad reviews and decided to take a chance .
i had to wait weeks for it to arrive .
i dont do well with headphones they irritate my ears .
i bought this on another site because i think i had a better price there .
they cost a little more but for your time and hassle it is worth the extra $
i would much rather pay a few more dollars for a quality product .
i used it everyday ,  twice a day for num_num months .
the first time i used it it worked great .
so ,  for me ,  it was a waste of money .
but other than that it s ok because it works and that s a good thing .
i have been pleased with my kitchenaid and most attachments for it ,  but not this one .
i immediately realized the battery is out of juice .
i will buy a better one when i couldn t fix it anymore .
i kinda liked the headphones ,  they hold on to me nicely .
infact after couple of usage this battery died .
when i first started using this headset ,  it was awesome .
this screen was also much more difficult to apply to my phone than other screen protectors i ve used .
in addition the colors were rich and vibrant .
it makes my tiny phone huge and heavy .
but i guess you get what you paid for .
i wonder how long it will last . pat f .
very comfortable grips and very solid rumble features .
i read a lot of good reviews of this product and decided to purchase it anyway .
the honest truth is that the thing never worked right .
i was really excited when i received this item .
i have a bigger size and deceided to give this one a try .
we found that you get what you pay for .
i am not a coffee snob ,  but i do like strong somewhat bitter coffee .
i bought this product after reading numerous reviews ,  but should have known better .
there is a reason this item is cheap .
the one i got was also missing one of the mounting bolts .
by the way shop around locally ,  i paid $ less for each .
unless you like having that rainbow effect look on your screen .
i got a couple of these power cords for use on some pcs .
this product was not very expensive and appears that way .
save your money and don t waste your time buying this one .
it does what its supposed to do ,  but not very well .
i guess the price was too good to be true .
spend a little more and get something better .
it doesn t really give you twice long of battery time .
i bought num_num of this product back in may num_extend
now i know why it was so cheap .
i thought $ on sale was better ,  so i bought it .
i would have preferred velcro or something similar to secure the straps around you .
i bought this because it had so many good reviews on here .
the case is pretty good but with one major flaw .
very disappointing after reading so many great reviews on it .
its also much smaller than i thought it would be .
ultimately ,  this battery door is more broken than the one i had before hand .
not a favorite of mine ,  but i don t really like cinnamon in my coffee .
thought it was too good to be true .
so ,  i was very excited to have found this on online .
this thing quit working after about num_num months .
i generally have a num_num to num_num day cycle .
i am not impressed with this product and question the legitimacy of the num_num star reviews .
i bought this cable on sale ,  and it worked fine .
$ piece of rubber used for protection that cant even be installed with out malfunctioning .
i donated it to our church s rummage sale .
this battery dies a lot quicker then my rechargeable .
i am very disappointed i didn t realize sooner .
this is an edit of my earlier review .
i decided to buy this and try it myself .
i especially would not recommend it to people with small children around .
in a nutshell ,  this is not an oem charger .
and they are difficult to work around with your phone .
i purchased these headphones as a replacment for a set of mei s that i had lost .
it simply is not compatible with a screen protector .
i figured i wanted to try something new ,  so i would give this a whirl .
this case offers nearly no protection at all .
i would now rate this about num_num stars .
i completed this in a few short hours .
i will update this if flaw is corrected .
i have an iphone num_extend ipad num_extend an intel num_extend laptop ,  etc .
i bought two of these based on all the great reviews .
i bought this after reading reviews .  .  . truthfully .  .  . its not that great .
my child received this product as a gift for christmas .
i bought this based on the num_num reviews here .
and connected it my phone and it didn t work after that .
the handle is very light and does not feel substantial .
very hard to clean the way it is .
i ve only had it for a day ,  but will update this should my thoughts change .
i filed a complaint with amazon and they sent a replacement .
used this on my iphone num_extend for about num_num days .
as the old saying goes ,   you get what you pay for .   .
i have been using this in tea primarily .
i had great hopes for this product ,  considering the great reviews i read .
i was excited to buy this after reading all the amazing reviews ,  but unfortunately mine did not heat up .
color has a weird red tint in it so its not really a medium brown .
my problem ,  like many others ,  is that the product comes from china .
this was kind of a waste of money .
oh well ,  it still works despite that . the material is nice and soft .
i was afraid of breaking the new ipod .
it did ,  however ,  make the phone very easy to grip .
didn t bother me since the price was reasonable ,  but the quality reflects the price .
i have tried numerous bluetooth headsets and i am not happy with the performance of the samsung .
this battery was causing my phone to overheat .
i bought this just because it was cheap with free shipping .
it became dirty and was hard to clean .
for the price ,  i guess i expected it .
actually when i first received the case ,  it was great and beautiful .
however to be a refurbished item ,  it looked practically new .
it is not an easy screen protector to install at all .
i just purchased a new otterbox case for my iphone num_extend and have been very happy with the product .
i am surprised that this product received so many positive review .
i only washed it by hand and it s been carefully handled .
i bought the num_extend as an upgrade to my num_extend which ran like a champ .
i m going to try another brand next time .
the battery charged up just fine when i first got it .
purchased it to go with my tablet or cell to connect to my canon num_extend
the reason is that i did not want to risk it again .
i now use it  or don t use it i guess  with a samsung galaxy num_extend
after noticing the phone didn t work any longer i replaced the batteries .
i read the reviews and took a chance .
at first ,  this seems like a good product .
so ,  i m sorry ,  but i can t really recommend them .
the look and feel of the headset are great ,  looks are deceiving .
the sound quality was good and the fit was good .
it may work with other phones or other iphone models but not with iphone num_extend
spend a little more on a product that s higher quality .
i returned it; the company was very good about giving me a prompt refund .
my daughter loved this toy when we bought it .
i saw the reviews were good and figured to buy it for $
i thought these would make a nice christmas gift for them  i bought two  .
i use in cooking and also in a few hot beverages .
i recently purchased this hoping it would be good .
i would have rated it minus num_num stars .
i thought i d take my chances and i got what i paid for .
they are thick and heavy and really quite big .
kind of surprised to see such positive reviews here .
it does not hold the wires very tight .
it was great the first couple of times i used it .
why ?  the sound quality is not nearly as good as the reviews led me to believe it would be .
although i mix my drinks with almond milk .
i bought this based on the good reviews .
oh well for the price you wont feel that bad .
the case itself charges up but it will not charge the phone .
bought this because of all the reviews ,  but it did not work for me .
the only redeeming quality is it is cheap .
i ll buy a new charger from another company .
i agree with many of the other reviewers .
the blade is pretty small and not that powerful .
it s not a bad tasting coffee just not my cup of .  .  . coffee .
the quality is obviously better than this cable .
i absolutely love the leve style of this brand .
i bought this case for dell inspiron num_extend num_extend screen .
there is something wrong with the handle ,  it stuck to my hair .
i didn t realize this was so flimsy .  ,  i thought it would be on a sturdy base .
this product was delivered on time that is the only good thing i can say about this product .
however this recent battery doesn t last much longer than my old battery .
but on a good note ,  i love num_num pink ,  it is my favorite .
i used nicd batteries for a time years ago and gave up on those .
i bought this because of the glowing reviews .
i guess yo get what you pay for .
you can find much better for much less .
just be careful if you use this stuff .
i got this one to replace it and from the moment i plugged it in it didn t work properly .
i ve had this charger for over a year ,  it gets very light use and it stopped working .
read the reviews and thought i d give it a try .
you just won t be able to see much on the screen .
the product itself is absolutely wonderful ,  no arguement there .
i tried those headphones out ,  and they are absolutely amazing .
my oem battery last a lot longer than this crap .
bought one to try ,  worked well ,  so bought another .
sadly ,  this cable while it looks good isn t super reliable .
huge ,  long and bulky and the material isn t that soft for something you d pay for the price .
i own this product ,  but i did not buy it on amazon .
i bought a second one of these because my first was a big hit .
i purchased this product once before and found this to be a great product .
we bought this for my son for christmas .
they work well enough but the rechargeable battery just does not last very long .
it said that the case was designed to fit my phone and it was huge .
quality seems good ,  and yes they do seem thinner than some other brands ,  but compare the price too .
sometimes i get complaints from people saying they can t hear me .
don t waste your time or money on this stuff .
the product was well packaged and arrived on time .
first of all the material is really soft and nice .
it washes off easily but doesn t smudge ever .
i bought this dock for my droid razr because i thought  hmm .
i bought mine after all the rave reviews .
i was disappointed in how cheap this product is .
when i saw this on amazon ,  i thought it was some special product that was available online .
i ve been using it for about num_num weeks now ,  and i see num_num difference .
it is actually more difficult to charge your phone .
when i first purchased this product i was pleased .
it was the first time i tried it .
i had to take the battery out and put it back in again .
i was thrilled when i stumbled across this shirt on amazon .
when i first got the case i thought it was really cute .
i just use it for a timer now .
this is an attractive set when new and the grinder works well .
it may be a great product if the weight is not that heavy .
it does not cover the screen all the way .
while it will charge ,  it simply won t connect to the computer via usb .
as you can see ,  i m very disappointed with this juicer .
i would wait for it to go below $ and then it would be worth buying .
i purchased this based upon the reviews here at amazon .
due to this ,  i am going to lower my rating from num_num to num_num stars .
anyway ,  as i was finishing the handle came apart .
it probably works great for it s intended purpose .
i have a pair of these already in black and i love them .
price it at $ and i d give it more stars .
the only positive is that it is a bit durable for i put it in the washing machine once .
the problem i had with it is the smell .
we are instead slowly building up a collection of wusthoff knives and replacing these in the block .
for the money i spent on this product i expected a lot more .
i have a yamaha num_extend i really like .
i just replaced two graters myself because they broke .
i haven t noticed any difference after using it for num_num months .
i m a big fan of popcorn ,  both coated and naked ,  and i ve always enjoyed snack well s treats .
as it only cost $ i guess you get what you pay for .
to save some money on postage ,  i ordered two .
i love ginger ,  and love ginger candies ,  cookies ,  treats ,  etc .
sound is pretty good ,  but certainly can t overcome the discomfort .
i have been looking for another solution and haven t found one i like yet .
i bought these because i thought they were a good deal for the money .
bought this product with hopes of using it with my ipod for internet phone calls .
i am happy that i spent a little more for a better one .
num_num minutes later she called back asking for my credit card information to  authenticate  me .
i will try it again and if i change my mind ,  i ll change my review .
there are way better ones out there cheaper than this one .
it has good pigmentation for a corrector it really brightens the eye area and moisturizes .
i tried using this and didn t seem to work too well .
i had hoped for a little more out of it .
i have to agree with most of the other reviews .
here is a real product where you get what you pay for .
if the quality was good ,  i would have given it num_num stars .
i bought this product based on many reviews that it really does work .
other than that ,  the quality of the product is top notch .
if anyone has suggestions please let me know .
put a battery in and plugged it in .
i did read several good and bad reviews ,  but not all of the ones listed .
these are large and not what i was expecting .
at first ,  i was quite pleased with this headset .
overall ,  i liked the case when i first bought it .
this is just a weird crinkly plastic that looks much cheaper than it actually was .
i have to agree with the recent comments about this product .
when it worked it was great ,  but it didn t last too long .
it does so much more and is worth the price .
it s a pain to put on and take off .
i read the reviews ,  saw the bad ones but still figured i d give it a try .
this fit perfectly over my regular prescription glasses but they do not filter out glare as they promise .
given this is a really simple device ,  maybe that s why it s so inexpensive .
again ,  it doesn t look bad ,  but it just is not at all what i wanted .
i was really excited to get it too .
i bought this pitcher thinking it was a super bargain .
it does not look nearly as nice as in the photograph .
this product does the job ,  but you get what you pay for .
to me ,  it didn t have half of the flavor that i was expecting .
i wash my hair every num_num to num_num days .
therefore i am lowering my previous five star rating down to a one star rating .
it does what it s supposed to ,  but it s loud !  the motor itself isn t bad ,  but it vibrates .
i loved the look of this phone case but when i received the case it was broken .
i would rate this minus num_num if i could .
after reading a bunch of great reviews when i purchased this ,  i was excited to use it .
good isloation ,  good material and decent sound quality .
that plastic piece looks so cheap and tacky .
my problem ,  i ordered these and about a week later got the package .  .  . but it was the wrong product .
for $ it would be five star rating .
good thing this was only a couple of $
these headphones were great when they cost around $
after two uses i needed to recharge !   yes i let it charge up initially for num_num num_extend
so anyway ,  it was a birthday gift for my num_num year old daughter .
in the future i will pay attention to consumer reports before i purchase a coffee maker .
i bought this with high hopes ,  it was a cute bluetooth and samsung just like my phone .
on that note ,  it does seem very durable .
i bought this coffee maker because it is a cuisinart and thought that would be a good brand .
it was a waste of my money ,  unfortunately .
i read the reviews and made my purchase based on what i read .
i really loved this when i first got it .
there s some fun factor in it ,  that s why i give it num_num stars instead of num_extend
that s actually why i am on amazon now .
you have to clean it . the worst part is that is smells terrible .
i purchased this because of the good reviews .
i have had it for a while but barely used it .
the battery doesn t last a day even with minimal usage .
i thought they would be bigger for some reason .
keep in mind ,  at this time i had the num_extend
the blade is heavy and made for cutting and although it did not come razor sharp .
it is very hard to clean this filter as a result of the looseness .
i am a true coffee lover and it is my favorite beverage morning or night .
i wish i would have looked this one up first .
screen protectors that i have used in the past were much better .
i watched a lot of youtube videos and read a lot of reviews .
other than that ,  not much good to say .
the sound is ok but nothing to rave about .
this headset works good as far as call quality on the other end .
the smell is actually quite pleasant ,  it s a clean fresh scent .
looks like a great product for a st .
i guess its cheap though so its kind of ok .
i gave it num_num stars because it did pair .
it was cheap ,  but i would expect to last a little longer .
the size is actually a pretty good one ,  but shouldn t cost for than $
seemed like a good buy when i bought it .
i agree with some of the other reviews .
we ll for the price can t really expect something more i guess .
the image quality is ok ,  optics are good .
it must be great ,  from all the favorable reviews .
while the film itself was easy to apply .
don t get me wrong ,  it isn t junk ,  but just do not like it .
once the coffee was done the smell mellowed a little but still was not appealing .
please note this is very well made ,  good quality material and sewing .
i have much better luck with other types of popcorn .
it performed very well as far as grinding the beans and the consistency of the bean grind .
i was able to use it only twice .
i read all the reviews and was very excited .
i bought this product after reading a;ll the great reviews on amazon .
i know the price was right ,  but the quality isn t .
very cheap product !  !  i would honestly only expect to pay about $ for it .
will update this review after i try them .
the price here on amazon is better ,  but it s still not worth it .
it s also really small and fits into the palm of your hand .
the machine works great when it is working .
needless to say you get what you pay for .
i bought this for my girlfriend because she wanted it .
for the price i really expecte it to be .
it is alot more expensive but it seems to be working very well .
if they had written something that made sense ,  i would have given it num_num stars .
i am so perplexed by all the great reviews .
you can find a similar item for less money and better quality .
i am usually very pleased with products received from amazon .
most of the reviews were great so i bought it .
however ,  i am not impressed with everything being made of plastic .
fits so tight you can t get it off .
i ve been using this product for over a week .
this product was not what i had expected .
bought this product thinking it s good due to the review .
i ordered this because i loved the color .
also ,  the sound gets distorted if you have the volume all the way up .
save your money and buy a quality product because you literally get what you pay for with this one .
when i plugged it ,  the light of my phone started ,  so i thought it was gonna charge .
i have tried it a few times since and nothing .
they are certainly substantial in feel with what looks like solid construction .
unfortunately ,  for me they are not true to size .
cleans great ,  rinses off easily and doesn t leave a residue on my skin .
my fault as i accidently ordered the incorrect size and had to return it .
i wasn t comfortable ,  but more importantly the sound quality was poor .
either they have terrible sound quality ,  or they are deffective  or both  .
i think i just got lucky with it .
i now either charge the ipod ,  or listen to it in the car .
for the price its not bad but be warned you get what you pay for .
it is difficult to get in and out of a pocket or even the belt clip .
i ve used it on various potted plants as well as plants in the garden .
don t waste your money on this at this price .
i think for the price these things should work .
i thought it was just a low battery but after i put new batteries in it still had issues .
the plastic is cheap and not very sturdy .
this charger is not the most reliable in terms of performance .
the color is good and the material is nice and soft too .
but the item description says that it is dishwasher safe .
they are cheaply made and not of good quality .
guess that can be a good thing or a bad thing .
it will save you time and effort and a lot of frustration .
i was so excited to get this and try it .
this product did not work at all ,  i tried another brand and i saw results .
i thought that the battery was dead ,  so bought a new one and put it in .
i used to have a motorola num_extend which worked well for my phone .
when i first used it ,  i was impressed .
booo !  !  !  i was extremely disappointed with this product .
well let me tell you how cheap this case is .
i dropped it once and it cracked in two places .
you have to follow instructions !  worse ,  the instructions aren t easy to find .
on top and bottom it is sharp enough to split open your hand .
i bought this product ,  for a lot cheaper than the price on here at sally s .
i didn t notice any unpleasant odors while using it .
i used it only a couple of times .
i bought this for my daughter last christmas .
however ,  at least then you will know you are getting a  real  and good quality product .
you would need a very sharp knife to cut it .
that said ,  they came on time and were packaged decently .
my son recieved this as a christmas gift from my brother .
don t use this if you re in a hurry .
the crackers ,  chocolate ,  and fruit mix are all great .
these headphones sound great and at first fitting feel very secure .
i have been doing this for years and it works flawlessly .
i returned it to amazon and now ordered another brand .
i bought it based on the high ratings and good reviews .
the problem i had was with the flavor .
the filter doesn t seem to work very well either ,  and the entire thing is difficult to clean .
used this for all of about num_num minutes .
don t waste your time or money on this unit .
leaves a gap at top of screen so part of the screen is exposed .
it does not look as good as the picture .
it s cheap but if you want something better just buy a apple product .
i am very thorough in researching a product i want to purchase .
it may not look the best ,  but at least it works .
i m not very impressed with this product for a number of reasons .
first off ,  for the $ i certainly admit this to be a good buy .
there is no way to disable this  feature  .
the other i am still using and it performs as expected .
it s very very sticky and it doesn t absorb either .
not necessarily so . well that s all i have to say for now .
i used plenty of coffee ,  so that is not the problem .
i think i only got it for $ so i guess you get what you pay for .
i bought the product because it was relatively inexpensive .
that s the only reason why i gave it num_num stars .
i purchased this based on the high review ratings on amazon .
i had to replace it once i found the one i thought i was buying in the first place .
some are better for the same or lower price .
i ve bought these a couple times and both times they didn t last very long .
i bought this because of the high customer ratings and reviews .
i thought that this would be good but wow  ,  this thing is huge .
this phone has terrible battery life ,  a big sacrifice for the thin profile .
the num_num have more features and are worth the additional money .
i used it in a fruit smoothie with plain yogurt .
i then switched over to a motorola num_extend which i think is pretty good .
i have long arms and the xl fit real nicethe neck :  the mfg .  ,  makes the neck enormous .
i m changing my review from num_num stars to num_num star .
that s why i m giving num_num stars instead of one .
i ordered two ,  and one of the came broken .
i changed it out before i got a low power warning .   the battery will not charge in my phone .
hope this helps some of you out there .
does a good job protecting the phone ,  but it makes your device look cheap .
the sound is ok but not any better than a pair of $ sony headphones .
my num_num star as rated before ,  is now num_num star .
it is my first experience with an otterbox product . first ,  the case is like nothing else i ve seen .
but i was not a fan of this product .
i have been a loyal cuisinart user for years .
it still looks like new ,  and when it works ,  it s nice .
yes it looks very nice and it s somewhat compact .
i really wanted to like this product ,  though i did read some negative reviews from amazon .
well ,  it prooved to me that you often get what you pay for .
it would be great if it was just bigger .
i made the mistake of buying this num_num years ago for my then num_num year old .
after reading so many positive reviews on this product i decided to give it a try .
i bought them because of the good reviews .
bought this based on the many positive reviews on amazon .
okay ,  no sweat ,  good thing i purchased two .
the sound quality is decent ,  but it doesn t make up for the shortcomings .
they don t look awful and they look pretty well made .
i still don t know why i bought this .
the thing looks really cool and stylish ,  fits in the ds nicely but that s about it .
my main problem is the battery power and performance .
it is a top selling accessory on amazon ,  and i was certain it would be great for my iphone .
i didn t expect much for the price but i expected it to work .
this is the second device of this sort i ve tried .
so ,  first off ,  i m a big fan of otterbox products .
i find myself changing batteries all the time .
these headphones are uncomfortable ,  poor fitting and terrible sounding .
i don t feel comfortable leaving it plugged in all the time as it might drain my battery .
that was certainly a positive demonstration of good customer service .
on the plus side ,  they are small ,  light and convenient to carry around .
i had these for years and they worked great .
they are just not premium quality like the premium price says .
when i first bought this ,  it worked just fine .
another issue i have is the battery life .
i d like to have larges in large bag !  !  .
in this case ,  you get what you pay for .
i thought for the price this would be good .
it works ,  and ,  what is important ,  it doesn t dry the skin .
i would def buy this item again ,  providing i can figure out what the correct size would be !  .
i gave these to my husband as a christmas gift and they were very small .
if you try it ,  you may really like it .
yes ,  i checked the battery and it was fully charged .
after reading the reviews i bought this and it did not meet my expectations .
not to mention the prices is much better .
the only cool thing is the blue motorola emblem lights up in the middle to indicate it s on .
if i find a better one ,  i ll update my review .  p . s .
looks good ,  fits the phone perfectly but not easy to put on or take off .
i ve been taking this for about a year .
on the plus side this case is easy to put together and has a nice firm feel to it .
they fit great ,  feel good and are well worth a few dollars more !  .
i will try another brand to see if it works .
well ,  you get what you pay for ,  sometimes .
so i was surprised and disappointed in this product .
i scratched my phone and broke the plastic case when i tried to remove it .
it is as difficult to put on as it is to take off .
i contacted amazon and they immediate sent me another one that does the same thing .
and it seems cheap compared to the oem charger that came with my phone .
obviously the battery died and i couldn t use it .
i wish i had !  i got this for my num_num year old  she just turned num_extend for christmas .
i had liked the product i used before so this time i ordered it from amazon .
had high hopes after reading all the positive reviews .
i ve had this item for less than num_num months .
the quality of these headphones is pretty cheap .
i ve owned a few and they work great .
this was not as sturdy as i would have liked .
i read the reviews and was swayed by the overly positive ones .
battery life is okay but is subpar for this expensive of a headset .
we ll see what happens and i ll post an update .
just one problem ,  and its a big one .
the product works well enough its just very big .
its battery power was poor  i bought an extra battery to get me through the day  .
buy another brand ,  don t waste your time or money .
i bought this largely on the strength of the brand name .
people tell me that i sound muffled when i m talking to them .
don t waste your time money and energy buying this product .
i bought this for my num_num year old son for christmas .
it is big and bulky num_extend plus pounds  . we really need something compact and easy to transport .
i like the look of this cover but it is just too bulky .
i ordered two of these for my boys for christmas .
now ,  i am not very strong since my arthritis has become so bad .
so i am going to find another one .
now don t get me wrong these headphones sound just fine but they definitely do not sound like $ headphones .
i guess this is a case of getting what you pay for .
it s also not big enough to cover the entire screen .
it s a bit heavy so it didn t help when its a bit big .
may be inexpensive ,  but you get what you pay for .
that s the only reason i gave num_num stars ?  ?  .
it is loud on anything other than the lowest setting .
a single aa battery can last you a few days .
when i first got this battery it wouldn t charge unless i turned off my phone .
i liked it a lot when it worked .
that is the best thing about this particular product .
these sheets are a great value but in this case ,  you get what you pay for .
get what you pay for as they say .
it installed easily and was staying  put  nicely .
i bought this as an add on to get above $
i had a pair just like this and loved them ,  so i ordered another pair when mine wore out .
this product tastes great !  but not without a price .
feel like i paid too much for them .
was excited to see this listed on amazon .
they sent me a new one ,  i was excited .
as a side note ,  i did like how large and easy to read the taylor dial was .
in short ,  i was not very impressed with this product .
had been using this product for a while now .
my garmin nuvi num_num has better bluetooth audio quality .
i was very disappointed once i received this product .
having read all the wonderful reviews ,  i thought it would be a great purchase .
as long as it was working it was terrific for the price .
granted ,  it s a higher quality product ,  but a price increase of % is ridiculous .
i needed a new one ,  there was a sale .
i definately don t mind paying for quality ,  but this was not worth the price .
was okay for about num_num months ,  then it stopped working .
not a good sonic balance and not a pleasant listening experience for me .
i bought this product reading all the positive reviews .
the first one broke after a couple of months of infrequent use .
the only pro about this product is that it s cheap .
it also took over a month to arrive .
i guess i cant expect much for such a cheap price .
after reading the reviews i thought this would be a sure thing .
mine is being returned at no cost thanks to amazon .
don t waste your money . original review :  this thing works great !  i have had it about two months .
the fabric feels nice ,  and it is comfortable .
i dropped my phone and it fell right out of this case .
this product is just as good as yn .
i am now back using the original headset; you know it still works well .
spend a few more dollars and get something that will last .
the design isn t bad ,  but the plastic is cheap .
i ve owned this product for about num_num months .
it is all the previous reviews have noted .
it may be more expensive ,  but it would be worth it .
also not to mention that the battery isn t compatible to anything .
this doesn t happen every so often .  .  . this happens frequently .
i was not expecting much from them ,  considering the price ,  and i was right to be skeptical .
then it died and i bought a replacement .
it s actually ,  get this ,  fair ,  and you get more for your money .
for its size and weight ,  i expected much more .
the price is excellent ,  but i guess you get what you pay for .
i have no idea what s going on with the filters .
after reading the reviews ,  i knew i was taking a risk by purchasing this item .
the good news is that it is very light ,  compact and easy to use .
you get what you pay for i suppose .
this is just a flimsy piece for plastic .
it was such thin material i had my doubts how it would feel on .
i ordered three of these because they seemed like a good deal .
so now i have a $ paper weight .
it seemed like a real bargain ,  given the price .
the rubber case material has gotten almost sticky and can t be cleaned .
the ear buds that came with the ipod are much better .
i was really happy when i first bought this unit .
this may require some alteration ,  but out of the box this is a serious design flaw .
i had it for less than a week .
i changed my original num_num star rating to a num_extend
it s not very good either ,  but at least not as bad as this .
the product is made of very cheap plastic .
my brother brought this to my attention because he purchased this same item .
i use this every night like it says ,  and it has been at least num_num weeks ,  and nothing .
i used it maybe twice a week at most .
my daughter got this as a birthday present .
the design of this product is superb ,  one of the best .
i bought one before and it was amazing .
i ended up getting a portable battery pack charger .
;  i mean ,  really  , what else can i say about this ?  ?  .
i wanted this item for powering my raspberry pi .
these microplane graters are wonderful ,  but i recommend the professional versions instead .
thats it ,  nothing else do i like about this vacuum .
i have now used this knife for about a year and i would say it s decent at best .
pros :  the product does seem solid ,  and well made .
at first ,  i thought it was me who is not used to this kind of milk .
perhaps that is why it is selling for $
i m amazed at all of the positive reviews .
i was so excited to use it and i turned it on and .  .  .  . buzz .  .  . buzz .  .  . buzz .
when i first bought the pan ,  it worked beautifully .
i have heard a lot of good reviews about this product ,  thats why i bought it but .
have owned this pan for about five years ,  and really liked it at first .
the material is really nice though and the color is great .
i bought it with the hope that it ll be good .
the handle then broke off in my hand .
i have it for over a year and i tried to use it once or twice .
i had heard good reviews about this product so i picked it up .
with all the good reviews i thought this was what i was looking for .
i didnt like the way it fit in my ear .
yes ,  it s attractive looking but that s all that s good about it .
i really wanted to like this stuff after reading all the good reviews on it .
first of all ,  i have no complaints about this product s taste .
i m honestly shocked it has so many good reviews .
so ,  i was pretty excited about this product .
the second one i received had a broken lid .
i only use it now to charge my ipad .
then it isn t overly sweet ,  and it is just a touch of flavor .
they assured me that they would send a new lid .
a num_extend charger is supposed to be able to charge at num_extend
i normally take num_num num_extend up to num_extend a day .
don t waste your hard earned money on this brand !  .
when i first recieived and used this product i rated it with num_num stars and wrote the review below .
i simply couldn t get it to work ,  at all .
i know i am now looking for a new one .
this thing is a real challenge to use .
i received this product yesterday and attempted to use it this morning .
this is the second one of these that has gave out on me .
the num_num pack of num_extend is now num_extend
but when the battery wears out ,  you can not replace it yourself .
i ve been using this product for a few years ,  off and on .
i ordered this based on all the positive reviews .
you ll be able to use the remote for several things .
num_extend the suction cups do not hold this is place very well .
i tried it on a ipod touch and two slim android devices .
i got it because of the reviews ,  even though it was a higher price .
for num_num bucks i guess i got what i paid for .
adds a considerable amount of bulk to the phone ,  but it doesn t make the phone less slippery to hold .
i am so glad i didn t pay $ for it .
the cord is also very short to be pulling aroound .
this product is not only cheap but really cheap .
on the plus side ,  it does look good .
i ve stopped using it as i m afraid my phone will break as it has fallen few times .
i bought it because it was so cheap that it was practically free .
i;m not exactly certain why i purchased this item .
it is too heavy and not easy to hold .
i had to go buy another one that same day .
and ever since i had the battery it doesn t keep a good charge on my cellphone .
i bought this based on glowing reviews on amazon and other sites dedicated to the am dxing hobby .
i have a food processor ,  a blender ,  and a mixer of that brand ,  and they work flawlessly .
its worth spending more on a better qaulity headphones if you want quality .
i ordered a size num_num they sent me an num_extend
save your money and get a better quality headset .
also ,  it was only $ when we bought it ,  now they have gone up on the price .
on the plus side ,  the grip is comfortable ,  and the notched point is a nice feature .
time will tell whether it will actually work .
i bought this for almost num_num bucks ,  it worked fine first .
it seems like a lot of money for what it is constructed with .
it only merrits num_num star and that would be soley based on it s price point .
i read all the good reviews for this product but .
what started all this is i ordered this for christmas for my daughter .
this item is made in china . this product does not perform as expected .
i just wish i wouldn t of wasted my money on this first .
on the up side ,  i d give it num_extend stars if that were an option  .
the design is very pretty ,  which is why i ordered it .
when i first bought my num_extend i got num_extend num_extend and num_extend
i really feel it was a waste of money .
it s inexpensive but you get what you pay for .
then the battery craps out and wont hold a charge anymore .
i agree with the reviewer who noted that the plastic is weak .
even then it can be hit or miss .
i was real excited when i got this from amazon .
i got a medium and it fits me like xlarge .
hard to put on and even harder to take off .
i should have spent a few extra dollars to get a higher quality product .
this was one of my wife s  please ,  please ,  please  gifts that she got last christmas .
after reading some of the glowing reviews i decided to try this .
i really love oatmeal ,  not the creamy style ,  but al dente ,  nutty ,  crunchy style .
i ll write a review on that one too after i ve used it for a bit .
yes ,  actually the customer service was quite good .
i started being super careful with the second one .
on first glance ,  the quality of the headset and the cord are very good .
i tried to get this thing to work but could not .
that means batteries get overcharged and that substantially reduces their life .
since it was coming from china ,  it said shipping would be num_num weeks or something .
i contacted amazon and they were good enough to send us a replacement anyways .
this case is looks like it protects the phone well .
but i m very allergic to a lot of things .
hardly the graphical quality the num_extend is capable of .
i ve only had this thing for a few weeks ,  but i don t like it already .
hello :  mac ,  samsung ,  communitcate !  !  my previous phone ,  the se num_extend synched its contact list flawlessly to my mac .
this is the second one i have bought ,  thinking it was a fluke with the first .
i bought mine in august of num_num from amazon .
so i decided to try it on num_extend
i am told to first deplete the battery .
when i bought these speakers i was very ,  very pleased with the quality of sound and the sleak design .
it s not that the device just doesn t work .
i have to wiggle the micro usb end to keep the charging light on my phone .
i m not a big fan of this coffee .
all i can say is ,  i got what i paid for .
i do have to say though it is the most comfortable headphones i have ever owned .
i will keep this review updated as things change .
i bought the unit because it had pretty good reviews .
don t waste your money on these less expensive items .
buy it if you don t care about money or quality .
semichrome lid requires an inconvenient pry tool to remove ,  ,  ,  , which tends to clobber lid causing it to not seal well .
if i could give num_num stars i would .
i do like the color i just wish it wasn t so streaky .
there were several negative reviews for this and i have to add mine .
when i received this product it was the wrong product .
there are better glasses to be had out there ,  even if they are a bit more expensive .
they are bigger than i expected ,  over num_num inches long and much louder than i thought they would be .
the flavor is not so great ,  in my opinion .
had great reviews so i tried this item .
and wouldn t work well on a deep pile carpet either .
the actual dimensions are num_extend x num_extend x num_extend
i have a num_extend camera that takes this battery .
