this is a quality product from a known company .
very heavy and bigger than i thought it would be .
this product does the job and is quite cheap .
i ve had my little grinder for more than num_num years now .
what else do u want for this price .
not too heavy or clunky for my small hands .
i love that i didnt have to pay $ for it .
i saw these ,  they got great reviews ,  and bought them .
please let me know if you have any comments or questions !  .
but ,  like most things ,  you get what you pay for .
i use this for my ipod touch num_extend generation .
this is a lot cheaper and works just as well .
i bought num_num of these since they were so affordable .
please let me know if you have any comments or questions !  .
amazon refunded the difference in the price to me .
i found the price on amazon is better for the same product . let s see .  .  .  . anything critical to say .
i would pay much more for this product .
but the iphone num_extend it works wonders on .
i m surprised at how thin these things are .
she loved it ,  and i like it too .
the plastic does look like it could crack if strained ,  dropped or misused .
over all ,  it still seems to be a good coffee maker .
like it but i would want a thick case to protect my phone .
although i am not sure if the battery is replaceable .
identical to the battery it came with and does the job .
i bought one for my mom because i was so happy with it .
they fit great and didnt have any problems with them whil moving around .
i was so impressed by the reviews ,  i decided to order this .
it s fast ,  but it will charge or power only one phone or other device at a time .
so i went online and found this ,  and bought it after reading all the good reviews .
i basically like aroma stuff ,  they have good quality .
but ,  like most things ,  you get what you pay for .
if you are looking at this buy it now .
but thats what i expected for the price .
i recommend doing the firmware update as soon as you get it .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
was a little hesitant until i read some of the previous reviews and found them glowing .
i have been using it for num_num weeks now .
but it also makes it more difficult to pull in and out of a pocket .
i am tired of buying vacuums that break .
the colors are a lot brighter than the picture shows .
i stumbled upon this one and the reviews seemed good so i thought i would give it a try .
charging seems to be a little slower than the wall charger but it s not that big of a deal .
charges a dead battery before the charged battery runs out .
good fit ,  good feel ,  and not too loose .
however ,  it s not possible to get it entirely clean after use .
it was also very cheap which is another good thing .
when the screen is dim ,  you can barely see it .
i was really surprised how nice these were when i recieved them .
the old battery was going out ,  and this one fixed my issues .
this is a  tourne  knife with a  carving  blade that curves inwardly .
it feels light weight but it s still durable .
they sound great for inexpensive earbuds and fit well .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
the num_extend is a num_num out of num_extend
this charger does work with the iphone num_extend
here s what i like and don t like about this num_extend
i did not make a bad buy with this item .
this is actually the third one i ve owned over the past num_num years .
i got it here at amazon for $
i guess it fits better with num_extend instead of num_extend
i ll review better them when i ve used one .
i had a similar product but it did not perform as well as this has .
i wish i had purchased the smaller one though .
i read a lot of the reviews ,  and bought this anyway ,  but was unsure .
they re cheap but dont let that scare you off .
just what i expected when i ordered it .
i have always been pleased with otterbox products .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
i wish i had bought more of these .
i bought this because it looked great ,  but it turns out it was very functional also .
they are a little thinner than i would like .
for whatever reason ,  the pictures do not do the product justice .
but ,  like most things ,  you get what you pay for .
if it had been as good and cordless ,  i would have given it five stars .
this is my num_extend one that i have bought .
but after reading the reviews ,  i decided to give it a try .
i had high expectations for this product because of the reviews and i was not disappointed .
i have read the negative reviews and don t understand why those people didn t find this to be great product .
for the dirt cheap price this is a great product .
when i first got this battery ,  i only got num_num hours of life out of it .
i got a great product at a low ,  low price !  .
but after reading the reviews ,  i decided to give it a try .
probably because it is made of cheap plastic . the good .
admittedly ,  they are a bit pricey ,  but they are worth the cost .
but what would you expect at this great price ?  .
you re left with a nice crystal clear new screen protector .
i also own one of those ,  and bought this one for my son who is num_num years old .
its is a lot small than i was expecting .
good if you have more than one battery for your phone and this charger comes with a battery .
i really ,  really wanted an ice cream maker .
i followed the instructions to the letter ,  and it worked just like they said .
it is shiny and keeps that shine ,  and is not obnoxious in the shine .
would be nice if it was a little bigger .
not bad for the money i spent on it .
i ve had this product for about num_num months now .
although i am not sure if the battery is replaceable .
i don t know why i hesitated buying this .
i bought this based on other reviews ,  and i am glad i did .
glad it was cheap i needed a case asap .
i didn t choose this color but it s not bad .
occasionally the coffee is not very hot when it s finished brewing .
i read the reviews and was very impressed .
yes ,  make sure you purchase the correct size for your needs .
also ,  the price is a bit too much ,  even though it s a high quality product .
finely tuned audiophiles may wish to look elsewhere .
but ,  like most things ,  you get what you pay for .
spend a little more and get the right stuff !  .
a little hard to clean up ,  places that are hard to get to .
it seems to be a well made ,  quality product .
this is a great product and last s for years .
it looks good sitting on my counter as well .
unfortunately ,  it does add quite a bit of bulk and weight to the phone .
not super high quality but you can t beat the price .
these are a little cheap ,  but they still look nice .
when i got the battery i didn t expect it to be inside a very nice package .
this product is more than what i expected for the price .
as is typical ,  i do a lot of research on things before i buy them .
the bad though is at times the signal will go in and out .
though amazon does have a better price than bev or more was selling them at .
although the design isn t my favorite the quality of the product is what matters most .
it has two usb slots ,  so you can charge two devices at the same time .
i put it on my iphone num_extend and only took a few minutes .
i like a smaller pillow that is on the firm side ,  but not too hard .
it fits tightly and is difficult to remove .
i have been using it for about a month now .
but ,  like most things ,  you get what you pay for .
i work from home and use voip  ooma  connected to a panasonic phone .
i thought the battery was dying on my original and changed it out .
plus ,  it s priced well and has stylish looks .
but i bought it at almost half the price .
i had a similar product but it did not perform as well as this has .
after reading all the reviews ,  i wasn t sure this product was what i wanted .
i have used cheaper products ,  but this is much better .
i bought another brand befor this one and it didn t last long .
that one only lasted a year before i wore it out .
wow !  this are some amazing speakers for the price .
i purchased this as a birthday gift for a family member .
when i got it ,  at first i was disappointed .
first i read the reviews here ,  and decided that most reviewers agree with our friend .
i am not heard by others sometimes as well as i hear them .
but i haven t had any issues with the function of the product so far .
i thought it looked cute and handy ,  so i bought one .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
i read all the reviews and this one seemed to be very promising .
i have had several other products and this works really nice .
that requires a bit of trial and error .
the original battery was no longer holding a charge .
the sound quality is not bad for the price point .
the only complaint i have is that the handle is way too short .
it took me num_num minutes to have the whole thing put together .
it is not made of thick metal ,  and therefore feels just a little cheap .
i got num_num of them for about $
great when you need just a little bit of extra color too .
i ve been using these headphones for a few months now and i love them .
this is the num_extend unit like this i have purchased .
the customer support and service is top notch .
luckily is not noticeable unless the screen is off .
i got this charger and a separate extra battery for my htc evo .
i have had it for a couple months and have had no problems with it .
this is a great product ,  it made a great gift .
it was just that phone that i had was killing the batteries quick .
i contacted amazon and they rectified the issue by sending out a replacement .
i was able to get it super cheap .
unfortunately ,  wmf products are made in china now ,  which i don t like .
it isn t a quick charger which can only be the down side .
i decided to buy these .  .  . these are good pair of samsung headphones for my samsung galaxy prevail .
the battery arrived promptly and is exactly what i expected .
it works well with my new queen size bed .
the battery works just fine and does give me a longer phone life .
amazon is my go to shopping place ,  too .
coupled with the nose canceling earbuds and it makes for a good listening experience .
i love my earpice as i got this to replace my old one .
i thought this would be a waste of money .
the plastic does look like it could crack if strained ,  dropped or misused .
for the price that it is ,  its not bad .
the battery seems to charge my iphone without any issues .
most of the bad reviews were written num_num or num_num years ago .
the sound quality is decent ,  not pro quality ,  but good .
it just wasnt as good of popcorn as the presto .
it is worth the extra money for sure !  !  !  !  .
i have been using this product for many years .
the one problem i have with it is battery life .
they tend to cost a bit more ,  but in this case you really do get what you pay for .
the only drawback is the cups are not corelle .
i ve upgraded my review from num_num stars to num_num stars .
this chargers at num_extend while the oem chargers at num_extend
its not made in the usa but atleast its not made in china .
does fit oddly with a screen protector ,  though .
i purchased this battery to replace my old one that wouldn t hold a charge .
when i saw this for $ and read it s reviews ,  i decided i had to give it a try .
because it s so small ,  it s not too heavy at all .
it wasn t exactly stellar ,  but it was good enough .
first time i used it and went smoothly .
i have read the other reviews and am confused .
i will be buying a new ,  like my old one a mr .
if you love coffee ,  then this is the one for you .
but ,  like most things ,  you get what you pay for .
very well made and does a excellent job .
i was looking for an iphone and wanted something i could afford .
therefore i bought this and it works much better .
you can buy one off ebay for under $ though .
i wish i had purchased it in the first place .
the num_extend is a num_num out of num_extend
i just hope it lasts longer than my other ones .
on the downside as i said ,  it makes the phone bulky .
wow ,  is a lot bigger then i thought .
i have a neck injury and had a difficult time sleeping comfortably until i purchased this pillow .
it didn t fit the phone i had bought it for but it fit my other phone my lg .
so i saw this for $ and thought i d give it a try .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
when i saw the negative reviews i was shocked .
the first time i used this ,  i thought that it wasn t working .
i agree with all of the positive reviews on this site .
but lacks in sound quality a little not by much like when you listen to some bluetooth speaker .
probably because it is made of cheap plastic . the good .
this cable works better than the original i got with the phone .
i ve purchased and reviewed these before; they are fantastic .
that was not its intended design ,  or function .
it has been such a great product that i am surprised to see some of the review here .
so if you are buying as a gift that is something to think about .
the handle itself is not comfortable to hold but it is what it is .
i thought this would be a waste of money .
i have had this machine for several years now .
again ,  for the price you pay ,  i wasn t expecting much .
the opening for the micro usb connection is slightly too small .
so i replaced it with a new one .
i stumbled upon this one and the reviews seemed good so i thought i would give it a try .
does not seem to bother it at all .
the case makes the phone heavy and almost three times as thick as the normal phone .
this replaces a nordic ware bundt pan that i bought over num_num years ago .
there is alot you can do with them .
i think it affected the coffee taste . so i got this one .
the packaging is a bit of an issue though .
i thought this would be a waste of money .
it makes the coffee taste stronger in my opinion .  ,  but i like strong coffee .
my previous charger ,  which i purchased from best buy for $ just stopped working all of the sudden .
at least not enough of a difference to notice .
this is the perfect size pan for my cuisinart toaster .
the price could be a little bit better .
this is a great product ,  and is relatively inexpensive at around $
just wasn t thinking when i did purchase it .
don t waste your time or money on any other product that is a knock off .
unfortunately ,  this cannot be done with this particular headset .
i actually bought this to charge up another electronic device that uses a micro usb connection .
so i ordered a replacement and now have it ,  same type unit as before .
i ve upgraded my review from num_num stars to num_num stars .
works really well and does its job well .
i have been using this one since about num_extend
the other ,  i had to actually break to get it off my phone .
i don t know why i hesitated buying this .
or you can spend another $ to get even better quality .
if it doesn t work ,  i ll update this review accordingly .
i bought this a couple months ago but just got around to using it .
this is a terrific idea and a terrific product .
i was thrilled to see this and bought one right away .
it doesn t protect the phone very much ,  but that is not the purpose .
i m also lowering my rating by one star .
but with this product i can always have a spare battery charged .
i was amazed at the quality of their products .
be mindful of the plastic ear clip ,  its somewhat flimsy .
i d give it num_num stars if i could !  !  !  .
i ve had mine on my iphone for almost a year .
with some ,  the earbuds were too big ,  hurt my ears ,  and gave me a perpetual headache .
the bowl is good size ,  a smaller angled size would be nice too .
i thought this would be a waste of money .
but the whole thing seems to be well made .
so i decided to check out amazon ,  and there it was .
i was so happy when i received these .
i was even more thrilled when i got it .
some of which sell for up to $ even here on amazon .
this was given to me as a gift .
very handy however i don t use it anymore since i have a new phone .
this was a birthday gift for my daughter .
i have both the num_extend and the num_extend
i have only had the charger for num_num week .
i was hesitant to buy this ,  but after using it i m glad i did .
different from the iphone num_num case but works really well for my iphone num_extend
cheap ?  some reviews say so .  .  . i really like them .
but what would you expect at this great price ?  .
not more but if you have num_num extra batteries like me this charger really you will like it .
i like the look and feel of the design .
this is stainless steel and was made in china .
i was so disappointed ,  until i found this product .
for some reason ,  i needed to reset it and then i was able to make it work .
but i think it did the job fine .
if you are thinking about it ,  go ahead and buy it .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
but ,  like most things ,  you get what you pay for .
i had this pressure cooker for about num_num years now and it still works great .
i was hesitant to purchase this item because of some of the reviews .
saw this on amazon and after reading the reviews decided to order it .
my daughter has one of these and also loves it .
this is my num_extend one that i ordered .
i was so happy when i received these .
for some reason i cannot troubleshoot and fix ,  my old one stopped charging my phone .
i have had this product for num_num years now .
i love that this had two usb charging ports .
was very pleased with my grinder !  was as advertised .
it s cheaper than getting num_num bags at other places for the price of num_num bags on amazon .
only time will tell if it will last .
had it for about a week with no real issues .
this is a very cheap and utilitarian unit .
i read lots of reviews here on amazon and elsewhere .
but they re sturdy and have just the right feel .
the reviews on this item were good ,  and i agree .
with the num_num i charge on average every num_num days .
it doesn t work as well on an ipad but i m not sure that s what this is for .
these are much more durable ,  and they heat and cook more evenly .
in spite of other reviews ,  i absolutely love this product .
the battery life isn t great as i hoped ,  but can t complaint .
also the filter is a bit hard to clean .
if that changes i will update this review .
it makes the phone a bit bulky ,  but does an awesome job protecting your phone .
i bought this so i could keep it in my car .
food does not stick to them easily ,  except for some very buttery and crumbly cookies i made .
so overall ,  a nice product with a few disapointments .
i was very pleased when this product arrived .
which i didnt expect to get  .  . very happy with the product .
i bought one for my mother some years ago due to her arthritis .
i bought it to use in the carto charge my phone .
i m so glad i purchased this after reading multiple reviews .
for the price ,  i really can t complain about the quality for the price .
this is the best bluetooth device i ve tried .
it seems to hold a charge longer than the battery that came with the phone .
i may also have to try a different brand .
in fact i occasionally forget i m wearing it .
i got this as a christmas gift for my son in law .
sound is not really really great but better than regular earbuds .
i purchased this model after reading all of the positive reviews .
i originally ordered this from amazon and ended up getting an item that was not a kitchen aid mixer .
this phone case looks a lot better in person .
i purchase this case based on the reviews .
also a drip pan that catches the drippings .
the reviews on this item were good ,  and i agree .
we gave him this for christmas .  .  . he was really happy when he opened it .
its cheap too ,  but is not a cheap product .
super easy to set up and start using ,  less than num_num minutes .
this product looks like and works as advertised .
the num_extend is a num_num out of num_extend
at first i could not get it to be comfortable in my ear .
a little on the flimsy side but it is lightweight and i like it .
if it were a little stiffer ,  it would be perfect .
after two years ,  the rechargeable battery finally started to get weak .
the product came as described and works great .
very sharp and has a nice ,  thin blade .
i would give it num_extend stars and num_num if the price was $ cheaper .
i wear a size num_num and it easily holds num_num pairs of shoes .
you really get your money s worth with this one .
i would give it num_num stars if it weren t for that one issue .
i have both the num_extend and the num_extend
i also feel that there are knives of equal quality available at far less cost .
i bought it bases on the reviews on this website .
the num_extend does but this is the num_extend
i got this as a christmas gift for my son in law .
this product is actually better than i had anticipated .
although i thought it was a bit pricey i m so glad that i purchased it .
i used a couple of different screen protectors before but this one is num_extend better than those .
the controls are simple and easy to use .
i bought one a few years back and had to throw it away .
these were very cheap and well worth the money .
i agree with most of the positive reviews about this product .
i read the reviews and was very impressed .
i would recommend it but would look for a better price .
i have used cheaper products ,  but this is much better .
i just with they were half this price .
its smaller than a normal car charger its like a mini .
perfect fit ,  and stylish !  i like the looks of them .
the only thing i did not really like is that it is rather bulky .
i found this one with many great reviews .
i love my coffee and like it strong .
i have small ears and it tends to shift around in my ear .
the description doesn t say it does ,  but it does .
the case cracked but the phone was fine .
i m sure it would be fun for kids to watch as well .
leave a comment or mark the review as useful if you think so .
what a great find !  i think i need another set .
the only problem is that the battery will only last about num_num weeks or so .
i wanted a white one for that reason .
makes it a bit awkwards to plug in a charger .
bento i do have to plan ahead ,  but that also forces me to look at what i m eating .
she took my number and num_num minutes later she called me back .
i think this product is pretty good and i like it .
hopefully the second will last that long also .
they do have a tendency to scratch rather easy .
based on the price and favorable reviews i chose these .
i purchased this as a birthday gift for a family member .
i did grease it a bit with butter .
i bought this to replace the one i had previously that looked like this and i like the style .
i almost didn t purchase it because of some of the negative reviews .
but it does take up a lot of space though !  lol .
but after reading the reviews ,  i decided to give it a try .
remember you get what you pay for though .
to that end it worked like a champ .
i ve been using this for about num_num months now and it works fine .
this was brought for a friend but i ended up selling it to a friend and he likes it .
i am able to use voice commands to call a person on my contact list .
and if i hadnt gotten it as a gift ,  i probably wouldnt have it .
i had a similar one and it fell apart after two uses .
the case is a hard plastic with soft outer skin ,  feels llike rubber .
i didn t really have a good idea of how small it actually was .
the case is ok ,  it fits snug on the phone and protects it pretty well .
i am impressed !  and it smells so good .
it will not work well without the salt .
i ordered the num_extend size ,  i could have done better with a smaller one .
the original battery was num_extend and this one is num_extend
i ordered this item when i saw it for a mere $
i then went to amazon where i found the same identical model .
it is much better than the other brand .
my ear was sore till i got use to it .
but ,  like most things ,  you get what you pay for .
i thought this would be a waste of money .
i wish i would have known about this before .
glad i got this after reading the postive reviews of the item on amazon .
i bought my first set of these about num_num years ago .
i found this one here and saw all the good reviews and decided to give it a try .
these screen protectors are very useful and are a lot cheaper than the name brand ones .
i feel like the price was reasonable for what i purchased .
basically ,  it is several devices in one :  phone ,  music player ,  camera ,  camcorder ,  gps ,  usb drive and an internet device .
good value for the price i paid  on sale  .
it is a good product at a good price .
i didn t think it would be as good as it turned out to be .
saw this on amazon and after reading the reviews decided to order it .
probably because it is made of cheap plastic . the good .
i bought it for my bf and he loved it !  amazing price .
i was so disappointed ,  until i found this product .
through amazon you can get them at a reasonable price .
the packaging is very nice ,  the item seems well built plus it is very easy to use .
this was the best price i could find and came with amazon prime in two days .
just followed the directions and it worked fine .
mine came to me on time and as advertised .
its a bit difficult taking off and putting on .
if you want a case to be a case .
it also looks great; the color is vibrant ,  and the design is nice .
i would give it more then num_num stars if i could .
really ,  this is a very simple piece of equipment .
i was able to use this themometer andcheck my oven temperature .
it is better than % of most cheap screen protectors as far as intalation .
i was having to recharge my battery through out the day .
i bought this for my mom and it works great .
i am very happy with this case and very satisfied with my purchase .
if it was more money ,  i would expect better quality or heavier duty .
it can be a stinker to clean up ,  but what isn t ?  .
probably because it is made of cheap plastic . the good .
that was a waste of money because it s never been used .
i am really glad i gave it a try .
you cant get much better for the price that you pay for these screen protectors .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
they are not high quality ,  but do what they are supposed to do .
for the price i was not expecting much .
for my purposes ,  that was a big mistake .
but ,  like most things ,  you get what you pay for .
i do need to take the phone out of its super slim case otherwise it won t fit .
my old battery went bad after a long use .
it occasionally loses connection while i am using it .
spend a little more and get the right stuff !  .
keep in mind ,  they get heavier as they get bigger .
not sure if i would buy them from another seller .
it doesn t do a good job of protecting my phone though .
after reading all the good reviews ,  i decided to give this a chance and i m so glad i did .
i purchased this a while back and waited patiently for months to get it because it was on backorder .
unfortunately ,  it resisted so i pulled a little harder .
it does have a remote ,  which it a nice feature too .
as i write this ,  num_num people have given it num_num stars and num_num have given it num_num star .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
i liked the fact that there were so many positive reviews as well .
they are well made and not too bulky .
it s really sleek looking too and easy to clean !  .
i love the fact the price was cheap .
for this kind of use the battery lasts about num_extend on one charge .
but it also makes it more difficult to pull in and out of a pocket .
i would say for the money ,  it is a pretty sturdy little mirror that does the job .
i think i m going to have to purchase one for myself .
the only drawback is that there are no instructions for installation whatsoever .
i love these headphones for the gym or working outside .
only con is it makes the phone bigger and heavier .
i have been using it now for over a year and its still doing the job .
bought the usb cable for my evo num_extend
for the price you can t beat these headphones .
i read numerous reviews before i decided to give this one a shot .
i bought an num_extend a few years ago when it first came out .
sturdy and well made ,  it fits snugly and provides real protection from drops and scratches .
very nice actually considering how cheap the price was .
that was not clear to me when i bought it .
i considered it a good purchase for the money .
the problem with bluetooth devices is they can often be difficult to pair .
the entire thing is so tiny  pleasantly so in fact  ,  it took me by surprise .
and anyone who has this phone knows how horrible it is on battery life .
i bought this for use with the mr .
having said as much ,  i ordered this because of the favorable reviews and could not be happier .
the case is a little thicker than i like since i often try to keep it in my pocket .
it is an excellent cheap solution for a phone that needs protection .
probably because it is made of cheap plastic . the good .
it is made out of plastic so i am not sure about durability .
it can make some really strong coffee and not lose any of the flavor for the good expensive types .
i have gone through multiple headsets ,  and the best one for me wasplantronics voyager num_num bluetooth headset  retail packaging  .
if i could rate this item with more stars than num_num i would .
i bought this based on other reviews ,  and i am glad i did .
the leather backing wasn t as thick as i thought it would be though .
i use it for a hand soap dispenser .
well ,  the battery finally went dead on it .
i purchased this battery to replace my old one that wouldn t hold a charge .
the price is cheaper ,  but the quality is top of the line .
i ve had this product for about num_num months now .
i use it about num_num or num_num times a week .
however ,  though it is smaller than i expected the toaster is solid and well designed .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
spend a little bit extra and get yourself one of these .
if i answer with the earbuds ,  i can talk and listen to the caller on the earbuds .
i bought a second pair for a friend after hearing the sound quality .
the only trouble is that it is hard to clean .
the only probably is it only lasted a few months ,  the case recently broke .
you get what you pay for ,  and this is pretty good for the price .
but ,  like most things ,  you get what you pay for .
i have nothing but praise for this product .
i have used cheaper products ,  but this is much better .
i didn t feel that it had the best sound quality ,  though .
this was a great buy !  !  i read the other reviews and they are right on the money .
it fits the phone perfectly and does what it should do .
i bought this battery as my old one was starting to die more quickly than usual .
and i had those for num_num and num_num years .
the antenna gives me better gain than other models .
i purchased this battery to replace my old one that wouldn t hold a charge .
i can see why this gets such high reviews here on amazon !  .
aside from that i ve had no issues with it .
this unit works well and is easy to clean .
they look identical ,  i don t know the difference .
it just wasnt as good of popcorn as the presto .
i saw the reviews on this one and decided to get it .
used over a year :  great value ,  works ,  and aluminum body matches my coffee machine .
at first glance it looked a little on the cheap side  let s admit ,  it is cheap  .
sounded too good to be true ,  but it s not .
i found this item in a local store for a few dollars .
i rarely used anyway it because it was complicated and hard to clean .
because of the many favorable reviews i bought this little vac last week .
on the downside ,  the cord isn t long at all .
i think i get a pretty good deal here .
i have a big problem with losing bluetooths .
i had one and purchased this for my daughter .
i ve been using this for about num_num months now and it works fine .
but ,  like most things ,  you get what you pay for .
after seeing many reviews i decided to try this one and i am not dissapointed .
i was very pleased with my skin cover .
the sound quality is not bad for the price point .
seller shipped timely and it was in perfect order .
i broke two of them and was totally lost until i ordered these .
spend a little more and get the right stuff !  .
unfortunately ,  it does add quite a bit of bulk and weight to the phone .
i have some cast iron that doesn t and they are not used nearly as because of this feature .
i have not had this device long enough to give a very critical review yet .
remember you get what you pay for though .
it was just the right size for him .
the pictures on the product page are a little misleading .
kind of cool looking for a cheap device . anyway ,  it s light ,  compact ,  cheap ,  and works .
the battery barely makes it through the day .
the reviews were very good and that helped me decide to buy this brand .
however ,  the sound quality seems to be below what is required for consistent use .
bought as a result of other positive reviews .
it has two speeds ,  but even with reduced speed ,  it is very loud .
its cheap and probably cheaply made but thats what i bought it for .
i was perusing the amazon sight and noticed this item s reviews .
purchased as a christmas gift for my daughter .
this product gives off a strong plastic smell when you first use it .
received this product well packaged and in perfect condition .
i ve used it almost every day for the past month .
mine is num_extend and it is the right size for me .
i had high expectations for this product because of the reviews and i was not disappointed .
remember you get what you pay for though .
the only problem i have is the lid is difficult to put on .
i ve used them many times and they re great !  .
i was skeptical ,  but for the price ,  i gave it a shot .
i picked this up when i read some great reviews and i am very pleased .
the only negative i see is that you can t put them in the dishwasher .
other than that i really like this product .
i purchased two of these ,  over two years ago .
this case is a good case for the price .
the sound quality is much better than earbuds of the same price .
i was perusing the amazon sight and noticed this item s reviews .
this waffle maker is what i expected based on the review i have read .
i replaced the battery with this and it worked perfectly .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
before buying these i read some bad reviews .
i m pretty particular about my diet  works great ,  not too bad to clean either .
i like this product ,  but it s not perfect .
even though the color isn t as vibrant as it shows in the picture ,  it is still a great product .
and is not as fast as the new chargers .
it has been such a great product that i am surprised to see some of the review here .
i don t know how long it will last yet .
if you love coffee ,  then this is the one for you .
i was very pleased that i bought this item .
i stumbled upon this one and the reviews seemed good so i thought i would give it a try .
you really get your money s worth with this one .
for my purposes ,  i choose to carry a backup battery in my pocket at all times .
it s also important to me to buy american made products when possible .
i didn t think it would be as good as it turned out to be .
i like smooth coffee with a deep rich flavor .
i ve tried bluetooth ear pieces and headsets before ,  but sound quality has been horrendous as is battery life .
so i ordered a  used  one in like new condition from amazon warehouse deals .
i thought this would be a waste of money .
it works and does what it is supposed to do ,  .
i always get them through amazon and have no problem .
the carrying bag is so sleek ,  it looks very stylish and functional .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
for the price ,  i couldn t pass it up .
since is white is get dirty very quickly .
it would be nice if it came with a screen protector .
i saw these ,  they got great reviews ,  and bought them .
i have read other reviews that voice this issue .
it s rather heavy and very sturdy for it size .
the design is so cute and the size is great .
i bought this to use with the car charger in my vehicle .
it s very thin so it doesn t add any bulk to your ipod .
i love this charger ,  it charges both the phone with a battery and a regular battery by itself .
first i read the reviews here ,  and decided that most reviewers agree with our friend .
also ,  one thing is that it only charges one device at a time with aa batteries .
look up the product here on amazon . com for more info  .
had to order a new battery after about num_extend years of use ,  the replacement battery was about $
after reading a lot of reviews i decided to purchase these .
i selected this product after reading many reviews from previous buyers of this product .
i have only had it for about a month .
i basically like aroma stuff ,  they have good quality .
i use it with a num_extend and it works great .
was a little hesitant until i read some of the previous reviews and found them glowing .
basically ,  it does what it is supposed to do .
the only problem is the packaging is really hard to get into .
the best part is that it s cheap at the price .
only con is that it is incredibly loud .
and of course i love that free shipping and good customer service of amazon .
the white plastic part broke on my first case after being dropped ,  but better that break than my phone .
acually it is almost too heavy and bulky for my needs .
the price was cheap and it is a great product .
i wear glasses and the over the hear kind interfere with my glasses sitting right on my ears .
i got this for my birthday about num_num years ago .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
the sound is great and there is not a lot of backround noise that gets through .
not bad for the money i spent on it .
however ,  the headset that comes with the unit is bad .
since it is this cheap ,  i think the quality worth the price overall .
i bought this device about num_num months ago and have been extremely happy with the results .
i have had no problems with the product .
my only disappointment was they were made in china vs .
i d give it num_num stars if i could !  !  !  .
my lid warped after being used in the microwave .
not sure what there is to say about this .
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
it s cheap and works like it s supposed to .
makes the phone a bit bulkier ,  but definitely not the worst in that department .
only con is that it is incredibly loud .
we use this for everything from soup to cornbread to veggies .
if you need something larger ,  get a larger one .
overall ,  a great design and it works well .
i just got my num_extend and i totally love this thing .
i picked this up when i read some great reviews and i am very pleased .
the leather is of good quality and it is very durable .
it feels sturdy without being heavy or bulky .
i had high expectations for this product because of the reviews and i was not disappointed .
they did take a long time to arrive though .
it s small ,  but it s a good size for me .
negative ,  is its really pretty bright and can be a distraction when driving at night .
too bad an iphone with a case cant fit on this .
its actually loud enough that when inside you have to turn the volume down or it way too loud .
i had bought one num_num years ago and it was time to replace it .
spend a little more and get the right stuff !  .
if the price was % lower i would give num_num stars .
made with good materail . does it s job well ! good size ,  too .
or else you return it if it does not work well for you .
after prolonged periods of use ,  they may start to hurt your ears a bit .
for the price ,  i don t think you can ask for much more than that !  .
just what i expected when i ordered it .
so ,  cooking bacon that s not swimming in grease can be a challenge .
i bought this product even though some reviews were strongly negative .
some screen protectors are a hassle to put on other are easy .
you will need the num_extend or the num_extend
i was just anxious to try it out .
the board is well constructed and has a nice finish .
more than this and my ears actually ache .
this fan works well ,  but is somewhat odd to use .
i upgraded my rating from num_num stars to num_num stars .
all i can say  you pay for what you get .   .
i got this for the incredibly low price of around $
remember you get what you pay for though .
the seller was wonderful and got them to me long before the promised shipment date .
the first one worked just as well as this one ,  and was half the cost .
the sound is fine on them ,  not tinny with echos like some other cheaper headphones .
a fine product that actually does what it s supposed to do .
remember you get what you pay for though .
did its job but did break after about num_num months use .
the only problem is that it is so loud i have to wear earplugs when i use it .
some screen protectors are a hassle to put on other are easy .
i was so happy when i stumbled upon this product .
it s cheap ,  fits good ,  improves the look of the phone and offers added protection and grip .
but after reading the reviews ,  i decided to give it a try .
this can be eliminated by turning down the volume .
it has a light pleasant smell ,  and it just feels good .
i don t understand all the negative reviews for this product .
i would have given it num_num stars but .
i have tinnitus ,  and a bit of hearing loss in that ear .
but ,  like most things ,  you get what you pay for .
it s a bit smaller than i thought it would be though .
this can opener is so much easier to use .
worked perfect for a narrow closet space for shoes  note :  i have small feet  .
yeah ,  it smelled for the first couple days or so that it was on ,  but it did go away .
it s cheap but it doesnt look cheap at all .
i was not expecting this quality for the price .
i purchased it after reading reviews on it and a few others .
this is my second iteration of this device .
my original machine is num_num yrs old and still working just great .
the best part is that it s cheap at the price .
ok yes it took almost a month to get here .
i actually kind of broke it while trying to get the case off .
which did end up happening  otherwise ,  i would ve given it num_num stars .
it s been over a month and so far ,  so good .
i have both the num_extend and the num_extend
i actually may buy a few more just for the price lol .
it works just as well and even better then the actual battery that came with the phone .
i purchased this one to have a bigger size .
it is cheap but thats to be expected for the price .
save yourself some money and buy this one !  .
sounded too good to be true ,  but it s not .
the problem is the coffee maker itself ,  but that s another story  .
easy to keep clean with a quick rinse and wipe dry .
this was down to $ when i bought it .
it is not a beautiful item; it is plastic and looks kind of cheap .
i replaced the battery in about num_num minutes .
it worked just fine but i m glad i own one of these instead .
wish i d realized that sooner ,  and just bought it from amazon .
i bought it bases on the reviews on this website .
did its job but did break after about num_num months use .
i ended up purchasing two of these and they are doing their job just fine .
my ear was sore till i got use to it .
i like it ,  but it makes my phone really bulky .
probably because it is made of cheap plastic . the good .
i purchased this a couple months ago and have used it multiple times .
the battery barely makes it through the day .
the price isn t low ,  but you get what you pay for .
but ,  like most things ,  you get what you pay for .
it is thick and heavy for it s size .
once you heat it up it will take a long time to cool down .
this one was pretty cheap so i took the risk .
the quality of the coffee is very good .
i bought this for my son for his birthday .
it has been such a great product that i am surprised to see some of the review here .
the product is affordable and it works fine .
i don t have the pain in my lower back anymore .
the people i called could not tell that i was using my cell phone let alone a bluetooth headset .
it arrived with a dented box ,  but everything in side was oaky .
i thought this would be a waste of money .
although i am not sure if the battery is replaceable .
it works very well and is simple and easy .
it does sort of look inexpensive and it is really small .
i have not experienced any leaks from it ,  nor was it difficult to clean afterwards .
i had read many reviews most good ,  some very bad .
as will all cast iron ,  this thing is really heavy .
i thought the battery was dying on my original and changed it out .
when i got it ,  at first i was disappointed .
i wasn t sure if this one would work ,  but i thought i d give it a shot .
these headphones sound great and come with num_num sizes of ear pieces .
i was mightily disappointed ,  but i can t fault the product for it .
i d bought that one from amazon and wound up returning it due to low volume .
i have been using these bags for several years now .
and i bought this at a good price .
sure ,  there are higher quality products out there ,  but again ,  i need affordable .
this is a cheap product and it does the job .
it s excellent and i bought it based on all the good reviews .
since is white is get dirty very quickly .
so don t throw your battery charger like its a piece of crap for it will break .
it has been such a great product that i am surprised to see some of the review here .
its is a lot small than i was expecting .
after reading all of the reviews ,  i bought this vacuum .
i like it a lot because it fits nicely in my backpack and is very handy .
only negative was the high shipping cost more than item .
i purchased it with another brand extended battery and also fitted .
i didn t found any issue with this product .
it paired up with the phone very easily .
i ve had this product for about num_num months now .
this is the second one i got ,  the first one had to be replaced .
i decided to pay a bit more and get a quality product .
i dont even know what else to say .
after reading other s reviews i was certain that i would be pleased with it .
i have used it in the past although not recently until now .
did its job but did break after about num_num months use .
before i bought this i read many reviews about it not fitting ,  being too small and of poor quality .
that is the only bad thing i can say about it .
this is a better quality product than i expected for the price .
i have a large head ,  so they are snug .
next time i will get a larger one .
i love my new fagor num_num quart pressure cooker !  i ve used it several times ,  and it s just great .
the material is a bit cheap but hey is worth it .
you get what you pay for ,  and this is pretty good for the price .
but ,  i never expected it to truly live up to those reviews .
i liked the fact that there were so many positive reviews as well .
i was not expecting much at all for the price i paid .
the screen protector is nice ,  but in time may show wear and ideally wouldn t be there .
i d give it num_num stars if i could .
but based on our once use of it ,  it worked quite well .
for daily coffee and spice griding ,  this is a great product .
pricy ,  but one of those cases where you get what you pay for !  .
it just wasn t what i was ultimately looking for .
really the only problem is that there is not cut out for the charging port .
people sometimes complain that they can t hear me well .
i am unsure if that is good or bad .
i got what i paid for but i am not disappointed .
the light is just right ,  not too bright .
i m at a loss to understand the negative reviews of this product here on amazon .
it is not a beautiful item; it is plastic and looks kind of cheap .
bought this unit after reading the reviews posted here and i m pretty happy with the purchase .
the system works great and does an excellent job .
this is a great pan for meatloaf and i am thoroughly enjoying it .
first off ,  i m not a big coffee drinker .
in regards to construction ,  it seems to be well made with good quality materials .
only thing is ,  it s a bit tricky to clean .
it is cheap but thats to be expected for the price .
these are great but the lids can be a little bit hard to put on and take off sometimes .
but after reading the reviews ,  i decided to give it a try .
sometimes people have a hard time hearing me but not all the time .
they refunded me promptly  so i bought this one .
this is one of those products which you actually get your money s worth .
they were cheaper here than at my local store .
the big one was too big ,  too heavy ,  too hard to store .
if you can spring for the money give it a try .
so i went online and found this ,  and bought it after reading all the good reviews .
i bought this for my son to use .
the large size is fantastic ,  though it s definitely heavy .
i wasn t sure if this one would work ,  but i thought i d give it a shot .
i liked the fact that there were so many positive reviews as well .
it holds more than i thought it would .
the first time i used this ,  i thought that it wasn t working .
i have always had trouble with the standard bluetooth headset that clips and hangs on the ear .
most of what i found was really expensive .
i bought this based on the many outstanding reviews already written .
the stainless steel is sturdy and won t break like plastic versions .
then the company got a hold of me and refunded my money because i wasn t totally satisfied .
if i had it to do over i would have spent the extra money to get this unit .
i think for $ it is slightly overpriced .
this is an issue because the lid that you have to flip open is pretty flimsy .
but the lid  sold separately  doesn t fit perfectly .
the only problem i had is some of the bacon wasn t getting fully cooked .
only downfall is that the cord is very short so you can t use your phone while charging .
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
i had high expectations for this product because of the reviews and i was not disappointed .
i have to disagree on the battery life however .
good price for a quality brand ,  should last many years .
i didn t found any issue with this product .
my cell phone does all that and more so i don t need it on my headset .
i have ordered more than one of these .
love it for topping off my cappuccino s and lattes .
it s a great size so easy to carry around .
its cheap and probably cheaply made but thats what i bought it for .
i reordered from amazon and bought this one to replace it .
i have bought num_num of these so far .
the screen is crisp and beautiful ,  by the way .
i didn t really have a good idea of how small it actually was .
i have actually gone through several in the past num_num years .
i bought a made in usa and had to return it .
i was not expecting much at all for the price i paid .
i found this item in a local store for a few dollars .
i fall in love with this case when i got it !  it s super pretty and nice .
it was a bit tight but it fit and fit nicely .
i was so happy when i received these .
i tried it last night and it worked .
i won t pay over $ for it ,  though .
so i thought of this as a good option .
so nice !  !  ! and the sound is not too loud .
it doesn t quite fit my giant head so well though .
this was down to $ when i bought it .
the delivery was fast and i got what i ordered .
i bought this based on other reviews ,  and i am glad i did .
the bristles are still stiff ,  and that s with a lot of use over the past year .
got this from reading the reviews from other people and decided to give it a try .
while not a major issue ,  it is rather annoying .
the product was exactly what i needed and was delivered promptly .
i also love the quality of the product .
i ve had them for a month or so and haven t broken any .
i ve been using this for a while now .
this is actually a lot larger than i anticipated it to be .
i purchased this one to have a bigger size .
i read a lot of the reviews of this before i bought it .
it feels a bit cheap but that s what it is .
the only issue i have is cleaning it .
i bought this product a week back and it performs great .
i would definitely recommend you give it a try !  .
i honestly don t know where some of these silly reviews are coming from .
i ve only been using it for about a week now .
it s an off the rack dollar store type product and nothing more .
i love the design of this product and was pleased that it works as good as it looks .
you will enjoy the purchase if you have an num_extend
to start out with ,  i always have trouble with every phone i get .
the color is great and the quality overall is really nice .
i thought this would be a waste of money .
i ve owned this one for num_num years now .
very good material ,  solid construction ,  ingenuous design ,  very functional and good looking too .
i broke the original and needed a replacement .
good deal for the price i payed for it .
i was thinking for the price they would be not so good quality .
glad i got this after reading the postive reviews of the item on amazon .
it may cost a little more ,  but well worth the price .
what a great thing !  i love the product ,  and am very happy with amazon .
this was a birthday gift for my daughter .
but ,  like most things ,  you get what you pay for .
it slips over my phone nicely without having to fuss with the soft plastic inner cover .
i bought this in september num_num and have used it several times  it s now march num_extend
this is a large smartphone and i found it was too heavy for my old cell phone holder .
did its job but did break after about num_num months use .
i was just anxious to try it out .
this is a great product ,  and is relatively inexpensive at around $
acually it is almost too heavy and bulky for my needs .
if you need something larger ,  get a larger one .
i was skeptical ,  but pleasantly surprised by this product .
the otterbox case does not have this issue with its built in screen protector .
after owning many many headphones i think these sound very good for the price .
i don t quite understand bad reviews for this product .
good bargain but definitively not the best quality items .
after seeing this ,  i figured i d give it a try .
was a little hesitant until i read some of the previous reviews and found them glowing .
well this is a superb product ,  i initially had read review with this product as well as buyer feedback .
it s not too soft and not too hard .
i have had several versions of this headset over the last num_num years or so .
after reading all the good reviews ,  i decided to give this a chance and i m so glad i did .
i got this for my grandson for his num_extend birthday .
after seeing this ,  i figured i d give it a try .
i have an older computer with ony num_num usb ports and a laptop with num_num usb ports .
i wasn t sure if this one would work ,  but i thought i d give it a shot .
really good quality ,  especially considering how cheap it is .
decided to purchase this based on the good reviews and it didn t disappoint .
it s excellent and i bought it based on all the good reviews .
if that happens ,  i will update the review .
many excellent reviews ,  so i went for it .
i thought this would be a waste of money .
i ve had this product for several year now and it still works very well .
like alot of others have said ,  this product is awesome .
when i got it ,  at first i was disappointed .
it still isn t right but it works fine .
i may also have to try a different brand .
i had bought one num_num years ago and it was time to replace it .
i find the sound quality to be fairly good .
yuck . the only negative ,  is that it is a pain to store ,  due to it s shape and size .
i had bought another brand some time ago but had gone back to my favorite presto .
but it s so inexpensive it s not too much to lose .
but ,  like most things ,  you get what you pay for .
i like this product ,  but it s not perfect .
spend a little bit extra and get yourself one of these .
i had a bunch of dull knives and a subpar knife sharpener .
it was just right and waffles turn out great .
for this price $ i thought it was too good to be true ,  it was .
i paid just under $ and at that price it is a very good value .
however ,  at the time that i did have it ,  it worked very well .
i do recommend giving this item a try .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
i thought this would be a waste of money .
you can adjust the volume if it is too loud .
i ,  in fact ,  bought one of these in each of num_num different colors because i liked them so much .
this is my num_extend one that i ordered .
i got these for my cable and computer cords .
it is very hard to get off when needed .
i was super po d anyways i get this in the mail today and naturally i want to try it out .
i got two batteries for less then half the price of a single oem samsung battery .
i give this num_num stars instead of num_num stars .
for that reason ,  i give this product num_num stars .
i couldn t get it to work at all at first .
this product def worth the $ i paid for it .
found just what i wanted on amazon and ordered it .
on a scale of num_num to num_extend i would give it an num_extend
i have had no issue with battery life .
easy to clean and use; not so easy to haul around .
i was not expecting much at all for the price i paid .
the only negative is that the cord is short .
i received this product very quickly and love it .
i wanted to buy another one ,  but decided to look for something similar on amazon .
i purchased this set for my son s christmas gift .
it s normally about $ and i bought it on sale here at amazon for $
i m so glad i purchased this after reading multiple reviews .
i think ,  like everything else ,  corelle has cheapened their product .
i ve had this product for about num_num weeks now .
i had one of these for num_num years and it finally stopped working .
these are waaaay cheaper than i could get at walmart .
it was under $ so i really can t complain .
finally ,  i decided to give this one a try .
i was a little disappointment in the cheap quality of this product .
but that is my own fault for not looking at the measurements .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
spend a few extra bucks and get good knives .
you plug it in to turn it on ,  unplug it to turn off .
amazon did a great job delivering it promptly .
i plan on trying some in the future .
once there was some sticky stuff on it and i simply put it under hot running water .
i purchased two and am glad i did .
if you can keep it together then it works well .
i got what i paid for but i am not disappointed .
this product worked better than i expected from reading some of the other reviews .
i thought this would be a waste of money .
decided to purchase this based on the good reviews and it didn t disappoint .
the color went beyond pretty and it looks great .
it pays to spend a couple bucks extra for a genuine htc product .
so i decided it was time to spend the extra $
i found this on amazon and thought i would buy it .
using this case literally doubles the thickness of the phone ,  if not more .
it was relatively cheap but looks very nice .
i really wasn t expecting much from this knife .
i had a similar one and it fell apart after two uses .
i purchased it because it seemed to get the most positive reviews out of all that i looked at .
i ve been using it for several weeks now .
only problem though is the power button is a little harder to push down on .
does fit oddly with a screen protector ,  though .
the sound quality is not outstanding ,  but it is much better than my older headsets from motorola and plantronics .
i didn t know quite what to expect when i ordered this .
the different length cords to the earbuds don t bother me .
the build is sturdy and feels like quality material .
i just wish the battery would last longer .
i love the material its made out of .
this is a nice product for the price .
i purchased it after reading reviews on it and a few others .
i figured for the price i really had nothing to lose .
it also comes with a nice screen protector .
i love that i didnt have to pay $ for it .
it seems to be a design flaw . overall though this is a great product .
i bought one of these a couple of months ago and just bought another .
because of that ,  i have to buy a new screen protector .
first of all ,  lets get to the good news .
that is the reason i have given it num_num stars .
they cost a little more than the standard type ,  but they are worth it .
they are pricey so it is good that they last for quite a while .
it is much bigger than i thought it would be .
this works very well ,  only for a couple months though .
this means that they should hold up a bit longer .
that doesn t mean it is gold plated ,  just that it has gold colored paint on it .
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
i broke the original and needed a replacement .
i don t care for the mono earpiece fit ,  but the stereo headphones are comfortable to me .
the buttons are hard enough to press without the case .
it s an oem htc battery for a fraction of the price that most would charge you for .
i ordered this from amazon  not one of the resellers  and it is oem and legitimate .
i hesitated buying these after reading some of the reviews .
i bought this based on the many outstanding reviews already written .
this was just what i thought i wanted ,  and it was great .
also ,  the sound quality from this is much better .
often at lower volumes the bass suffers on other headphones but not these .
don t waste your money on the cheaper ones .
the sound quality of the speaker is quite good but not acceptional .
i bought one of these for a gift .
also comes with a convenient car charger so you can charge it while on the go .
remember you get what you pay for though .
i had a pair of insignia headphones that were not anywhere near this nice .
this is a large smartphone and i found it was too heavy for my old cell phone holder .
it has good battery life and its quick to charge .
this bag does what it s supposed to do and is cheap .
i had to be home to sign for it or drive to the office to pick it up personally !  .
i ve had this product for about num_num months now .
i decided to pay a bit more and get a quality product .
it appears to be well made and easily cleaned .
i only had this for a week or so .
i read a lot of reviews of these .
i have been using it for about a month and no complaints .
i was ready to purchase one as a gift and read the reviews .
at first i could not get it to be comfortable in my ear .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
it took about num_num weeks before it came in .
they do not make things like that any more !  !  !  !  !  .
i don t think you could beat it for this price .
the only trouble is that it is hard to clean .
i bought this scale because the reviews were high and i was not disappointed .
so ,  finally i decided i needed a new set .
for the price this thing is pretty great .
i used it the first day i received it .
it s cool ,  but i may have spent more if i really wanted this .
i ve upgraded my review from num_num stars to num_num stars .
saw this on a you tube video and thought i d give it a try .
this was my second purchase of the same make and model .
a nice quality product that protects your phone and is priced right .
but ,  like most things ,  you get what you pay for .
i have had this product for many years now  between num_num and num_num years  and i love it .
you get what you pay for . good deal considering the price ,  .
it is fine for the price ,  nicer than i expected .
but even with that she really ,  really likes it .
it is very slippery to touch though ,  so i worry about dropping it .
i purchased this battery to replace my old one that wouldn t hold a charge .
but ,  like most things ,  you get what you pay for .
but after reading the reviews ,  i decided to give it a try .
i have been using this case for about a month .
i finally went online and found these at a great price .
the first one i ordered had a crack in it ,  but amazon was really good at replacing it immediately .
i have an iphone num_extend and it fits perfectly .
the price was very good and it works very well . okay ,  i wrote that when i first got the thing .
however ,  at the time that i did have it ,  it worked very well .
decided to purchase this based on the good reviews and it didn t disappoint .
i ordered this product and came to me like the picture and details said about this product .
i was a little disappointment in the cheap quality of this product .
it came charged and my phone and completely died and i had this with me .
i saw these ,  they got great reviews ,  and bought them .
much better than i d expected for the price .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
also i am not sure how good the quality of sound is for those cheaper corded headsets .
it s funny ,  but i ve only used it once .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
i bought these as a gift for my dad .
i purchased this battery to replace my old one that wouldn t hold a charge .
this is a nicely designed and excellent performance bluetooth headset .
when i got this case i was very happy with it .
the item arrived on time and i had no problems with delivery .
i was so happy when i received these .
i have had this grinder for num_num years and it is still going strong .
is it noisy when the fan is full blast ,  yes .
this bluetooth headset work pretty good :  battery duration ,  sound quality and functionality .
i received this at no cost through the amazon vine program .
i purchased the case to protect my phone and it worked very well .
purchased this one from amazon for $ less and the quality was much better than my original .
i like oxo products a lot ,  but this one has missed the mark a bit .
the first one did not work properly and the seller sent me a replacement .
i found the product to be great for the price .
very heavy and bigger than i thought it would be .
you get what you pay for ,  and this is pretty good for the price .
the sound quality in the earbuds is good and the microphone is pretty good as well .
but after reading the reviews ,  i decided to give it a try .
the red part is a hard plastic while the black is a rubberized plastic .
not the best quality of sound but for the price ,  you can t expect much .
after reading all the great reviews ,  i was disappointed by one thing .
needed a usb cable that would work with my lg cell phone .
i ve been using this for a little over a week now ,  and i will say i love it .
far superior to the old press it grinder i had before .
i use it with my samsung galaxy s epic .
i selected this product after reading many reviews from previous buyers of this product .
great doing business with amazon for convenience of online shopping and great deliver with quality merchandise .  .  . gold star amazon !  .
when i saw all the great reviews on amazon ,  i had my doubts .
hence the i am giving it a num_num star rating .
as with most screen protectors ,  this one is slightly smaller than the screen itself .
in this way the description is misleading ,  but overall it is a fabulous product .
it provides a reasonable amount of protection though when i dropped my phone a couple of times .
this is not the case with this charger .
i thought this would be a waste of money .
the earbuds start to become uncomfortable after a while .
looks like it should last longer than i will .
the suction cup on this thing is fantastic .
so i wasn t really expecting much at all .
i ve had this coffee maker for over a year and it works fine .
they seems expensive  few bucks a pop  but are worth it .
also ,  the price is a bit too much ,  even though it s a high quality product .
did its job but did break after about num_num months use .
i have been using this for over a year now .
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
i bought one of these a couple of months ago and just bought another .
the only thing i didn t like about them was how they came already filled with salt and pepper .
one thing i noticed is that when i went to plug it in ,  it didn t fit in to well .
that is to have a slightly  off  taste .
the best part is it was only like $
this was a birthday gift for my daughter .
needed some gloves that weren t too bulky to use for work and these fit great .
i thought i d have to pay as it is out of warranty .
but it is a very ,  very good slicer .
i was so impressed by the reviews ,  i decided to order this .
the old battery was going out ,  and this one fixed my issues .
there are lots of options in this price range .
but after reading the reviews ,  i decided to give it a try .
this is perfect to play music from your ipod .
lets face it ,  the iphone s battery isn t great .
it looks nice and it did what i was expecting .
i washed it and put it to use immediately .
it s a hot pink color ,  not fuchsia like in the picture .
the first time i used this ,  i thought that it wasn t working .
for less than $ this is an excellent value .
the rack is well made and not flimsy .
i bought num_num different cases because of cheap cost .
it can be cleaned by wiping with a soft cloth or paper towel .
just used this for the first time last night .
i was so impressed by the reviews ,  i decided to order this .
i use this charger to keep a fresh battery on backup .
i finally decided i would buy this one because of the great reviews and the cost compared to bissell .
it came within a week with free super saving shipping .
overall ,  this is a good product and i would recommend .
this charger is what you need to charge your phone fast .
the littlest one is small enough to use for stirring mixes into cups of water .
i would have given num_num stars but for some reason mine doesn t  click  into place; i . e .
i ve tried several others ,  none of which worked .
for this low price ,  there is really nothing that i can complain about .
i read through several of the reviews before purchasing this .
i was worried that i would find even more tepid coffee  and tea  with this thermal coffee maker .
i was so impressed by the reviews ,  i decided to order this .
i got this for my daughter to use in her car .
this case is well constructed and also has a nice look to it .
this is really important ,  so don t forget this key factor .
i thought this would be a waste of money .
the case fits perfect ,  the screen protector was almost exact .
my first one broke after a few months .
not only do these batteries do the job ,  they hold a charge longer then the standard samsung battery .
it was a gift for my daughter ,  and she loves it .
the phone is very sturdy and the dock has a clean look and solid feel .
unfortunately ,  it does add quite a bit of bulk and weight to the phone .
too bad i do not have this phone anymore .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
with these kind of batteries ,  the more you use them ,  the longer it holds a charge .
to be honest i was pleasantly surprised with their customer service .
i was so happy when i received these .
i have read several negative reviews here which are not necessarily accurate .
it doesn t have weight to it ,  but it is bulky .
my only complain is that there are only two choices of thickness  thin or thick  .
after reading a lot of reviews i decided to purchase these .
overall it s a good case for the low low price .
ordered on for my daughter for her birthday .
strangely ,  with my phone on my hip ,  the signal does sometimes drop out .
and the price is hard to pass up !  .
i paid less than num_num bucks for it .
it s comfortable to wear and it pairs very easily .
i must say that i am pleasesd with this product that i recently purchased .
i bought this because reviews were so good and i was not disappointed .
i would have given it a num_num star ,  but for one little thing .
this one cost a bit more ,  but still a good deal .
it cleaned up nicely and i m very happy with it .
all in all this product worked as advertised .
in fact ,  after the comments about it s size ,  i was expecting it to be smaller than it actually was .
i didn t feel that it had the best sound quality ,  though .
with this battery i get num_extend to num_num days of use between charges .
the only problem i had was the packaging .
fits well ,  does not stick to screen well .
its not that i didnt love my phone before this ,  but i was really unhappy with the battery life .
i m glad i purchased this item on amazon . com .
therefore ,  i think i can rate it as num_num stars with a good conscience .
i thought from the low price that they would be cheap and flimsy .
better than some of the others out there .
it was a good buy for use in my jeep .
the handle however is not too comfy to hold .
bought this to replace the battery in my phone .
i just don t like bland ,  bitter or too strong tasting coffee .
my first time trying this brand and i am impressed .
and second most of these in ear headsets require a snug fit in the ear canal .
overall ,  it is a great headset with a couple of quirks .
seems like cheapy plastic ,  but i don t care .
purchased this for my wife and she loves it .
the packaging was good and everything was easy to deal with .
other than that this is an excellent product .
that s gets harder to do as i get older with arthritis .
i bought this because it was cheap ,  so my expectations was not the highest .
to be honest ,  i expected this product to stop working after num_num month .
it does a decent job of protecting the phone .
this is really a great bluetooth set ,  it s better than most i ve tried .
the headphones that come with it are really comfortable and have good sound quality .
i have tried many different brands and models .
if you want a vacuum ,  buy a vacuum .
i have had this case for about num_num weeks or so now .
way too big for our needs   my err  but it is well made .
i upgraded to a new phone and had to retire this one .
having said as much ,  i ordered this because of the favorable reviews and could not be happier .
i did not make a bad buy with this item .
it s worth paying a little more to get something with such high quality .
not a big deal ,  overall it s a fairly snug fit .
but i went ahead and took a chance .
we use it about num_num times per week .
the only drawback i found was that this just doesnt have enough flavor .
i bought this for around $ while at the grocery store .
fortunately ,  the many positive reviews i read on amazon about this item were spot on .
i was mightily disappointed ,  but i can t fault the product for it .
i had one and purchased this for my daughter .
i got it here at amazon for $
i ordered this for my daughters girl friend .
i bought this a couple months ago but just got around to using it .
but ,  like most things ,  you get what you pay for .
if you are looking for a good product .  .  . this is the one .
definetly what i needed to charge my phone .
at first i could not get it to be comfortable in my ear .
i d give it num_num stars if i could .
i bought this based on other reviews ,  and i am glad i did .
i recently purchased a plantronics discovery num_num bluetooth headset ,  and i m unhappy with its performance .
it s a bit smaller than i thought it would be though .
really nice for a quick breakfast or snack .
it brewed a great cup of coffee and so does this .
it just wasn t what i was ultimately looking for .
i have small hands ,  and yet my fingers are a bit squeezed when holding the handle .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
i have tried about num_num different ones and none of them work as well as this one .
i will update this review in a month or so .
i purchased this item ,  and just love it .
all i can say  you pay for what you get .   .
once again amazon has show why it is such a great company .
all i can say  you pay for what you get .   .
it looks solid and looks good on the countertop .
i didn t know quite what to expect when i ordered this .
so i came to amazon to look for a cheaper one .
but after reading the reviews ,  i decided to give it a try .
i ve used this headset for some time now and i m very impressed with it .
i don t think i ve used them but once or twice .
it took me num_num minutes with cleaning solvent to get that darn thing off .
i d give this num_num stars if i could .
note that ,  like all glass ,  these shatter easily if dropped or banged on something .
this case works great with an iphone num_extend
i got mine for $ with free shipping .
they were so pretty and i got so many compliments on them !  .
i got it in this purchase !  !  i couldn t wait to try this mixer .
i dropped my phone and if it hadn t been for this screen protector my screen would have been history .
hence the i am giving it a num_num star rating .
i thought this would be a waste of money .
i was skeptical about this product when i was buying .
it s also easy to clean and store in a plastic bag etc .
not a big deal to most people ,  though .
i saw these ,  they got great reviews ,  and bought them .
this product is well made and looks great .
i think it worked great for a bluetooth .
i like the look and feel of these headphones .
i thought this would be a waste of money .
the good reviews for this product is finally what sold me on it .
people sometimes complain that they can t hear me well .
the case fit well and protected my phone .
i wont buy another brand of blender again !  .
and the delivery time was rather good as well .
i have read other reviews that voice this issue .
i liked the fact that there were so many positive reviews as well .
the white plastic part broke on my first case after being dropped ,  but better that break than my phone .
but after reading the product comments i decided to give it a try .
but ,  i never expected it to truly live up to those reviews .
if it came in a larger size ,  i d buy that one as well .
but it is really cute ,  and it works as advertised .
as soon as i saw it i couldn t believe it .
the sound isn t perfect but it is pretty good .
it is not a beautiful item; it is plastic and looks kind of cheap .
i love the design of this product and was pleased that it works as good as it looks .
did its job but did break after about num_num months use .
i ve had this product for several months now and have used it often .
as for me ,  maybe i ll find a use for it at some point .
i had high expectations for this product because of the reviews and i was not disappointed .
ever since i am using them they have been working great .
the live action grip is comfortable ,  intuitive ,  and allows you to hold and operate the iphone like a camera .
so if you are buying as a gift that is something to think about .
it has been such a great product that i am surprised to see some of the review here .
it fit fine and i love the color .
it was better and cheaper than the one i had .
i just don t like bland ,  bitter or too strong tasting coffee .
i actually use it to drink  probably too much  coffee each morning .
it does become a bit uncomfortable on the ear with long periods of wear .
buy this as i did and you won t be sorry .
i am looking at some of their other products now too .
i saw these ,  they got great reviews ,  and bought them .
decided to purchase this based on the good reviews and it didn t disappoint .
a family member gave me this for christmas .
i use this to plug in my htc evo num_extend phone in my car .
the plastic does look like it could crack if strained ,  dropped or misused .
i checked out the reviews and decided to give this one a try .
i purchased another charger a couple of months ago and it stopped working num_num weeks later .
still use these ,  num_num years after purchasing them .
dropped the phone a few times and it did the job but had some damage to the case i . e .
i guess this is simply caused by heat .
because of this i give it num_num stars .
leave a comment or mark the review as useful if you think so .
i was not expecting much at all for the price i paid .
had to order a new battery after about num_extend years of use ,  the replacement battery was about $
i had read many reviews on this product before choosing .
i have found the coffee produced by this machine to be smooth ,  not at all acidic .
the sound quality is not bad for the price point .
i bought this because it was cheap and small ,  thinking it wouldn t work that great .
the batteries work and the charger is great for having multiple batteries for any good reason .
this cover is very nice it is sturdy and very cute .
for the price you may want to get a couple pairs .
they sent me a replacement ,  and it turned out genuine .
if your device uses usb power to recharge .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
it s a waffle maker and it makes waffles .
i thought maybe i could find something cheaper ,  but still have the same quality .
good packaging and arrived within the time frame given .
you need to freeze the container for num_num hours before you make the ice cream .
i will need a new battery soon ,  i think .
i read all the reviews and this one seemed to be very promising .
i had high expectations for this product because of the reviews and i was not disappointed .
was a little hesitant until i read some of the previous reviews and found them glowing .
i don t know why i didn t look on amazon first .
all in all an ok product for the price .
it s also a makes a much better appearance than the photo .
i have a neck injury and had a difficult time sleeping comfortably until i purchased this pillow .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
that was ,  until it finally broke on me about num_num months ago .
i don t understand why all the reviews aren t num_num or num_num stars .
i ve read a lot of reviews regarding the product before buying .
i thought this would be a waste of money .
i purchased this item for a christmas gift for num_extend
after reading a lot of reviews i decided to purchase these .
this is my num_extend one that i ordered .
i ve had this screen protector on other phones .
it is a lot smaller than it looks in the picture .
i had an old motorola razor cell phone ,  but it would not charge .
after reading all the great reviews ,  i was disappointed by one thing .
upon first inspection ,  this seems like somewhat flimsy plastic .
that being said ,  this is a great product .
they seem to be a good quality product .
loved it and it helped protected my phone .
i bought this product even though some reviews were strongly negative .
i have a nerve problem and have pain in my hands .
i like this !  cleans and does not damage skin .
then i finally bought this one ,  and it works great .
i loved it enough that i decided to buy this one .
if that changes ,  i will come back and update my review .
it looks great ,  especially for such a cheap price .
thank you so much amazon . com for the great price ,  good value and prompt delivery .
the pink color is a nice neutral pink ,  it isnt real bright ,  but it isnt muted either .
i wanted something to listen to music and answer calls while being wireless .
our only critisisim is that they are made in china ,  when they used to be made in the usa .
it seems to be a design flaw . overall though this is a great product .
unfortunately ,  it does not come with screen protector .
only issue ,  you can t have a case on to put it in the dock .
however ,  i have not found one good enough yet .
i purchased mine at wal mart for $
i m a bit surprised by some of the negative reviews here .
i bought one ,  and wow ,  now i have num_extend
i upgraded my rating from num_num stars to num_num stars .
it has a light pleasant smell ,  and it just feels good .
it does fall a bit short in sound quality at times .
for a battery this size ,  i expected more .
i like this product ,  but it s not perfect .
i got what i paid for but i am not disappointed .
i can t knock the product for that though !  .
after reading other s reviews i was certain that i would be pleased with it .
i also own one of those ,  and bought this one for my son who is num_num years old .
if your device uses usb power to recharge .
it will just take a little getting used to .
you get what you pay for ,  and in this case ,  you get quality that surpasses the price .
it took me a while to figure out how to use it  it was not intuitively obvious to me  .
bought it for my husband and he liked it .
seems to be of high quality material and it s well made .
i have actually gone through several in the past num_num years .
i was so happy when i stumbled upon this product .
i purchased this unit after reading consistently positive reviews ,  and got a killer price for an open box unit .
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
i was even more thrilled when i got it .
and when i did ,  i was very happy .
this protector fits well and looks good on the phone .
voila !  excellent product !  i have no idea why it s so ridiculously expensive .
i bought one of these for use with my ipad .
reviews on this were good ,  so i took a chance and have been very happy with the product .
but lacks in sound quality a little not by much like when you listen to some bluetooth speaker .
really didn t have any problems following the directions and it worked .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
this definitely keeps the coffee hot all day .
it makes eating with them more fun for her .
i couldn t get it to work at all at first .
at first i thought i had made an expensive mistake .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
but ,  like most things ,  you get what you pay for .
in fact ,  i liked it so much i ve given it as a gift .
i ordered these based on the reviews and was not disappointed .
this is actually a replacement for thinking i could save a $ on a cheaper brand .
you must decide how much you want to spend .
i bought this because it was cheap ,  so my expectations was not the highest .
i ve been using it for over a year and it s holding up well too !  .
i like my coffee ground to fine powder ,  and this does the trick .
it almost feels as tough as my helmet .
i almost didn t buy this based upon some of the reviews .
my first batch was of the included popcorn kit ,  and i have never tasted popcorn so good .
i ve owned one of these for about num_num years  and it still works  .
i suspect the plastic will get brittle in time .
i was so disappointed ,  until i found this product .
i purchased otter case for my num_extend which was designed for num_extend
i bought num_num of these for christmas presents .
i had tried another brand and it was not useable at all .
i had this headset originally ,  and then lost it .
i stumbled upon this one and the reviews seemed good so i thought i would give it a try .
i enjoy hot tea several time a day .
this is the best blu tooth headphones i ve owned todate .
i have two sizes of these and i love them .
would be nice if it was a little bigger .
i m also lowering my rating by one star .
it has been fun and i think it works .
i also own one of those ,  and bought this one for my son who is num_num years old .
glad i got this after reading the postive reviews of the item on amazon .
love this product ,  made my bluetooth that much better !  .
i can t knock the product for that though !  .
in my opinion this is a fun working toy .
it s excellent and i bought it based on all the good reviews .
this has given me a new lease on life; and ,  already ,  my skin tone has improved .
i was so disappointed with original battery since it lasted only few hours .
however ,  it is extremely hard to get off .
i got this item on one of the lightening deals for $ and couldn t be happier .
i was expecting it to be a little bigger .
i use it when i take a shower .
for music i use an audiophile wired headset .
there are a lot of wonderful reviews on this product so you should read them .
the paint finish seems a little on the low quality side ,  but is holding up okay for now .
i have nothing bad to say about this product .
this knife does the job for me and was inexpensive .
i think that it was the result of a dull blade .
after reading the reviews i decided to purchase this one .
i have not needed to use it so i can not comment on the life of the battery yet .
this type of protector is easy to apply but it scratches easily ,  unlike wet apply protectors ,  e . g .
for the price and the quality ,  these earphones can t be beat .
they look nice and sturdy and well made .
it was so inexpensive that i bought two of them .
as i mentioned ,  it is not suitable for people with small arms .
the only charger it comes with is for your usb port on your computer .
of course the camera is very good ,  too .
for the price ,  i did not expect much .
i am impressed that they can be so inexpensive .
that s about all i have to say about it .
i thought this would be a waste of money .
the plug on this has a red light on it that lights up when you plug it in .
i had to scrub quite a bit to get the food off on my old plates .
it is so small and light that it seems almost delicate .
these screen protectors were so cheap ,  i couldn t pass them up .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
not as loud as i thought it would be .
but all well ,  i paid num_num cent for it and that wasn t a very big deal to me .
but considering what i paid ,  not a bad deal .
this was a great buy for a very nice cheap price .
i bought it because reviews rated it the best .
i have seen some reviewers say this was junk .
the only problem is that it is so loud i have to wear earplugs when i use it .
i don t know that i would buy it again without checking something else out first .
in fact ,  it is rather large; it is nearly impossible to remove .
i did not expect this to work well but it does .
i get a good strong cup with a bit more than half filled coffee .
it was also very cheap which is another good thing .
this was a gift num_num for my num_num year old daughter .
it is just a bit too expensive per charge .
the only drawback i found was that this just doesnt have enough flavor .
so ,  i bought num_num of these trivets a few months ago .
nice ,  more sturdy than i d expected for the price .
it is what was advertised through amazon as seller when i purchased .
the price may seem high ,  but it s worth it .
i got one and it malfunctioned and the company quickly shipped me a replacement .
as is typical ,  i do a lot of research on things before i buy them .
my old phone s battery was really bad so i got this one instead .
it s a little more expensive on average but it s worth the extra cost .
i d recommend just be sure you order the correct size and style for your needs .
it does not cover much of the screen which is a plus .
after reading all the reviews i decided to give this a try .
but ,  like most things ,  you get what you pay for .
i will update review in a few more weeks .
i don t know how long it will last yet .
reviews on this were good ,  so i took a chance and have been very happy with the product .
for this price $ i thought it was too good to be true ,  it was .
until then ,  i thought the unit was defective .
i have used a couple of different types of screen savers ,  and so far this one is my favorite .
the only drawback i found was that this just doesnt have enough flavor .
since the door is flimsy plastic ,  it could cause it to break .
i followed the enclosed instructions  mostly  and had no problems .
these batteries are less expencive than others ,  and don t keep a charge as long .
the taste of the coffee is good too .
this is a great knife that arrives quite dull .
the only thing i didn t like is the chemical smell .
the tools in this kit are all built very well .
after reading all the good reviews ,  i decided to give this a chance and i m so glad i did .
i was not expecting much at all for the price i paid .
i ve recommended this to my friends and family .
i d say the battery runs down about % faster than traditional charging .
it is almost double the capacity of my num_extend year old stock battery .
however ,  this made it very difficult to slip in and out of my pocket .
i have been using this product for a month and no problems at all .
that s not an issue for me but it might be for some .
i would rate these num_num stars if i could .
it is worth the extra money for sure !  !  !  !  .
good price and product was delivered as described in a timely fashion .
honestly ,  this thing is so cute and small .
from now on ,  i will make sure i get items with this name brand .
it s worth a few extra pennies to buy something that s going to last much longer .
i also own one of those ,  and bought this one for my son who is num_num years old .
i bought two of these when they were on sale for $
i will likey give it to someone for gift .
the screen itself is a bit tricky to put on .
i ve had this for about a week now .
i bought this because my samsung infuse s charging port broke .
i ordered the num_extend size ,  i could have done better with a smaller one .
i selected this product after reading many reviews from previous buyers of this product .
unfortunately ,  wmf products are made in china now ,  which i don t like .
but overall a great product that i enjoyed very much .
i bought this based on the many outstanding reviews already written .
this product is not all things for all people .
after spending some time looking at reviews on the internet i decided that it might be worth it .
perhaps you could get some other product that does a little better ,  but at what price .
took a whole month or more to get it .
i bought her this one ,  just as another method to tryout .
my old battery was not staying charged and was starting to bulge .
i bought this as a gift for my parents for christmas .
i bought this at the deal of the day for $
if i could change my rating ,  i d give it num_num stars instead of num_extend
it is very light yet seems quite sturdy .
all i can say  you pay for what you get .   .
first i read the reviews here ,  and decided that most reviewers agree with our friend .
this was the cheapest i have found it .
i had to unplug and plug back in a couple times for it to charger the first time .
i ll just have to be a little extra careful with it .
i reccomend it as a healthy alternative to standard microwave popcorn .
overall ,  this is a good product and i would recommend .
this case is not bad but not sturdy .
i bought this popper about num_num weeks ago .
i use it for a hand soap dispenser .
i received this as a christmas gift and wasn t sure if i really wanted it .
since purchasing this item i have used it about num_num times .
very nice of them to do that ,  that shows they genuinely care for their customers .
i have been using this product for many years .
other than that ,  i think this is a good product and worth the money .
it is not a beautiful item; it is plastic and looks kind of cheap .
it is really easy and doesn t take much pressure .
i was very pleased when this product arrived .
i don t understand the negative reviews on this product .
that seems to make the best coffee if i want flavored coffee  .
this is the oem charger that came with my htc evo num_extend
i bought this based on the many outstanding reviews already written .
not super high quality but you can t beat the price .
after reading all the great reviews ,  i was disappointed by one thing .
i had high expectations for this product because of the reviews and i was not disappointed .
i agree with the positive reviews for this product .
the sound quality on these is much better than my samsung wired ear buds .
after reading several reviews ,  i settled on this product .
at first i could not get it to be comfortable in my ear .
i read the reviews and was very impressed .
from the many enthusiastic reviews i expected a sharper knife although it is certainly good for what it costs .
for this price $ i thought it was too good to be true ,  it was .
so i contacted the seller and they sent me a replacement very quickly .
those with small ears ,  you might want to find a different style headset .
this was bought as a christmas gift for my grand daughter .
i bought this as a christmas present to myself last year .
the sound quality is not the best but for $ its not all that bad .
it s been working well for me so far .
i wish this charger will work for the iphone num_num but it doesn t .
it s a little hard to put on and not leave bubbles .
or else you return it if it does not work well for you .
it takes a bit of getting used to .
these are cheap and do their job so well .
i don t think that i would purchase these again ,  but i don t regret it .
after reading the reviews i decided to purchase this one .
remember you get what you pay for though .
this is a great tool for measuring liquid ingredients .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
but i decided to try it and what a wonderful product it has turned out to be .
the only drawback i found was that this just doesnt have enough flavor .
when i got it ,  at first i was disappointed .
only downfall is that the cord is very short so you can t use your phone while charging .
did its job but did break after about num_num months use .
i bought num_num of these since they were so affordable .
i won t be using it this way though .
this was a good product at a great price .
note that this is made in china if any of you are chinaproductphobes out there .
i of course read reviews of other products before purchasing this one .
for the price of it ,  it does its job .
i don t think the quality is the same as the older model though .
i had to use scissors to trim some portion of plastic .
then the company got a hold of me and refunded my money because i wasn t totally satisfied .
the earbuds start to become uncomfortable after a while .
it comes with a charger and takes about num_num hours to charge .
i have tried about num_num different ones and none of them work as well as this one .
i use it a lot and have had no problems with it .
i purchased two of these ,  over two years ago .
it works just as well as the old one does .
the first time i used this i loved it .
i am so glad i did . it works and it works well .
however ,  the headset that comes with the unit is bad .
works well for my use for over a year .
i saw this one at deal of the day with great price ,  so i just bought it .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
i like this product ,  but it s not perfect .
the material is relatively thin and won t stand up to bumps and bruises without showing dents and scratches .
if you are unsure about what size to get ,  i recommend the larger .
but it fit my iphone num_num in this battery case .
the plastic does look like it could crack if strained ,  dropped or misused .
these are larger than i thought they would be .
looked it up on amazon . com and saw the reviews .
good thing to ,  because my first evo battery didn t want to charge anymore .
my only issue is that the headset isn t as durable as others .
i was worried it would be way too big ,  take up too much space .
i bought this based on other reviews ,  and i am glad i did .
fabulous . however ,  the blade is really small ,  smaller than expected really .
i would update my rating to num_num stars if i could .
when sick or congested ,  these do wonders to help aid a restful night s sleep .
this is one of those products which you actually get your money s worth .
its cheap too ,  but is not a cheap product .
also ,  the handle broke off on my first one ,  so it needed replacing .
also ,  i have really long hair and this always picks up my long strands .
i was somewhat surprised with the price thinking it couldn t be that great for that cheap .
after my first try ,  i got the knack of it and am pleased with the results .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
i got it here at amazon for $
i was so happy when i received these .
the weight is nice and the quality is good .
this is the second one i have purchased .
this is my second purchase of this item .
i ordered this charger after my original charger broke down .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
although i am not sure if the battery is replaceable .
my only gripe about this unit is that it s a little too small for my needs .
it s a bit more than num_num inches high ,  num_num inches wide ,  and num_num inches deep .
well this is a superb product ,  i initially had read review with this product as well as buyer feedback .
sure ,  there are higher quality products out there ,  but again ,  i need affordable .
but i found that my phone doesn t provide usb power .
this is a great product and works great !  it arrived on time and in great shape .
this product works as advertised and is relatively inexpensive .
when i first put it on i thought it did not fit .
the earbuds are soft and comfortable ,  and it arrived with a variety of sizes for varying ear canals .
i bought this a few weeks ago and it works really well .
i had read many reviews most good ,  some very bad .
just what i needed to replace the worn out battery .
i was afraid the quality of plastic was going to be lacking but it s actually very good quality .
that is why i am only giving it num_num stars .
i bought these based on other reviews ,  and i am so glad i did .
all of my shoes fit ,  most side by side .
i bought this because reviews were so good and i was not disappointed .
i ve upgraded my review from num_num stars to num_num stars .
if you have to get a timer ,  get this one .
it worked ,  but the fit was nowhere near as good and the quality wasn t close to this one either .
i picked this up when i read some great reviews and i am very pleased .
i feel like the price was reasonable for what i purchased .
one of the reasons i shop on amazon so much is the ability to read the reviews on products .
it seemed like it had the best reviews for the price .
the whole process took only about num_num minutes .
i d say great product !   : d this does work on a num_extend num_extend as well ,  because thats what i m using .
only had this num_num months and have only used it a few times .
its better than you get what you pay for .
that is why i gave it num_num stars .
i bought this and hoped it fit my phone and it did .
the only negative feature  for me  is that it s made of plastic .
you can find cheaper bags but you get what you pay for .
i received my case for my phone and i love it .
the pictures of this one make it seem bigger than it is .
it s more expensive than it could be ,  but it s not overpriced and it really works well .
works well ,  had it on for a couple months .
there is a bit of a learning curve .
for the $ it s a great product ,  but with limitations .
for the dirt cheap price this is a great product .
it is a bit loud even at the lowest setting .
all i can say  you pay for what you get .   .
the only drawback i found was that this just doesnt have enough flavor .
i also ordered the seperate charger for this battery .
in the end ,  though ,  i did just buy a new one .
however when i got it ,  i was surprised .
i will be purchasinga new one very soon !  !  .
the first day the battery lasted about num_num hours .
the headphones look pretty good and seem pretty sharp .
so i m reducing the rating by one star .
i bought an num_extend a few years ago when it first came out .
you can t beat it for the price ,  especially when compared to more high profile brands .
i was so disappointed with original battery since it lasted only few hours .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
i d give it num_num stars if i could !  !  !  .
after reading all the good reviews ,  i decided to give this a chance and i m so glad i did .
it is very basic ,  but gets the job done .
i just wish they were a little cheaper ,  but you get what you pay for .
please let me know if you have any comments or questions !  .
the only drawback i found was that this just doesnt have enough flavor .
this case is well made and looks good .
only thing is ,  they re not very pretty or decorative at all .
in fact ,  i probably would not have bought one at full price .
go ahead and save a few bucks with this battery .
i am just hoping it will last at least a year .
the original battery in my num_extend stopped holding charge after almost num_num years .
i have read all of the other reviews and i agree with all of the positive ones .
it comes with an adapter that plugs into your computer s usb port .
i don t know why i hesitated buying this .
and it was only $ that s way better than the $ that the sprint store wants for them .
please do not believe the bad reviews on this product .
the stainless steel isn t the easiest thing to keep clean and polished ,  especially after years of use .
not the best out there ,  but for the price asked it is decent item .
however ,  as others have noticed ,  the paint or finish on this product is discoloring ,  and some is chipping off .
the sound quality of the music is excellent .
they are a little more narrow than i thought and i am glad i bought a few of them .
i almost thought something was wrong with it the first time i used it ,  but it worked just fine .
this is a cheap product and it does the job .
i was looking for a case that was functional as well allowed me to use my phone .
i purchased this one to have a bigger size .
this battery actually backwards compared to the battery that originally came in my phone .
very sharp blades and incredibly easy to use .
these are small ,  which is what i wanted .
i like the weight and feel of the knife .
this product is nice and does the job well .
i got this unit to replace my other bluetooth headset .
this was a gift but i d used one before and found it very good .
this is larger than i thought it would be .
for the price ,  i find this a great solution !  .
i settled on this because of the great reviews .
but still a good product for the price i paid .
i really like the cuisinart products and this is no exception !  .
i am the worst screen protector aplier in the world .
the sound quality is not the greatest if you re looking for banging headphones .
which is really disappointing ,  but not a deal breaker for me .
i dropped my phone a few times and the hard plastic finally cracked .
i was very pleased when this product arrived .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
thats when i saw this and decided to give it a try .
what i don t like is that i can t charge the ipad with it .
it was better and cheaper than the one i had .
it does give tea a strange after taste ,  but i m very picky with my tea .
i have been using this for a few years now and i love it .
this is why i m giving it num_num stars instead of num_extend
got this for my daughter for christmas num_extend year old  and she loves it .
i also wear glasses ,  and didn t think that it would be at all comfortable .
i thought this would be a waste of money .
considering it s low price i wasn t expecting much .
i ve been using it for about a month .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
i of course read reviews of other products before purchasing this one .
i got it for $ so cant complain .
i bought this product even though some reviews were strongly negative .
also ,  the price is a bit too much ,  even though it s a high quality product .
overall and nice color and it looks really cute on a white phone .
as for me ,  maybe i ll find a use for it at some point .
i have a charging station ,  but occasionally just a brief charge is necessary .
however ,  it seems overpriced for what it does .
it has been such a great product that i am surprised to see some of the review here .
the cases is extremely hard to get off the phone though .
it s great ! if you found this review helpful ,  please click yes .
i liked the fact that there were so many positive reviews as well .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
i bought this based on other reviews ,  and i am glad i did .
i think that it makes a superb cup of coffee .
i would of given it a num_num star if it would grind finer .
remember you get what you pay for though .
this was a replacement for the bluetooth i lost .
i like this case because it is a cute design and fits snugly on my phone .
i had high expectations for this product because of the reviews and i was not disappointed .
the taste of the coffee is good too .
the old battery was going out ,  and this one fixed my issues .
i am sure there are many others worth considering .
this pan can act as a saute pan ,  braiser or even a wok .
this one was the one i bought because of the price and also the reviews .
i was surprised when i opened the box .
my daughter was so happy when i got this .
after reading a lot of reviews i decided to purchase these .
overall it s a good case for the low low price .
i bought this pair and they work pretty well .
i have used it only a few times since i purchased it .
good ,  hot ,  reasonably strong coffee that tastes like coffee ,  but without bitterness .
i own several cuisinart products and like them all .
i hand wash it and do not put it in the dish washer .
awesome !  just what i was looking for when i ordered a case .
the only thing that bugs me is the wires ,  very thin ,  but flimsy .
i received an extra battery with my unit .
this is my num_extend one that i ordered .
they were packaged very well and arrived on the promised delivery date .
another great product that i ordered from amazon .
i have num_num of these and plan to buy them for my daughters .
i ve used a few of these screen protectors and i love them .
this little fan moves a whole lot of air .
it s a bit smaller than i thought it would be though .
i paid a lot of money for it .
that is why i am only giving it num_num stars .
it arrived in a timely manner with no problems on my end .
enclosed screen protector is garbage though .  .  .  . but i wasn t counting on that really being useful . great case at great price .
i am unsure if that is good or bad .
earbuds tend to fall out of my ear and are painful so i wanted to try these .
the one problem i have with it is battery life .
i read lots of reviews here on amazon and elsewhere .
the best part is that it s cheap at the price .
they are pretty cheap ,  after all . for the price ,  there isn t anything better on the market .
i ve received many positive comments on this case ,  it looks as good as the pictures .
it s a lot smaller than the picture might imply .
i m not a coffee expert ,  but i know what i like .
when i used to drink more coffee ,  yes ,  this did not last as long .
i couldn t believe the price when i bought it .
this light is seriously bright !  it lights up the whole room .
but ,  like most things ,  you get what you pay for .
overall ,  i don t think you can go wrong with this product .
i couldn t get it to work at all at first .
the price that i bought it for was great .
i have neck pain and this pillow is perfect for neck support .
i had one othese coffee grinders for years .
i ve put a new battery in each ,  but otherwise i ve had no problems whatsoever .
my usage battery life for light usage is about num_num hours and about num_num for medium usage .
the sound quality is excellent for this price and the type of headphones .
the pictures are not the best quality for a num_extend megapixel camera ,  but the video quality if fine .
seriously ,  i was just looking for a way to save money .
i am so glad that i bought this cuisinart !  it works wonders .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
but ,  like most things ,  you get what you pay for .
it tends to fall off of my windshield in extreme temperatures ,  hot or cold .
i started searching amazon and found this on and order it at a great price .
that only happened the first time i used it .
but overall i would recommend this product to anyone .
this isn t a top of the line headset but for its price its a good bargain .
i enjoy hot tea several time a day .
this is a high quality set of flatware .
for the price ,  i wasn t really sure what to expect .
it pays to spend a couple bucks extra for a genuine htc product .
i would give this product num_num stars if it held more food .
but ,  of course ,  we had battery life issues ,  so we decided to buy this pack ,  and .
voila !  excellent product !  i have no idea why it s so ridiculously expensive .
i ordered this product and came to me like the picture and details said about this product .
cowboy coffee is good ,  but not as good as press pot coffee ! the bad : not much bad really .
i was surprised that it actually looked better and is smaller than i expected .
i saw this and thought why not try it .
this is a great and idea and a great product .
i had a similar product but it did not perform as well as this has .
i was able to get a refund without hassle through amazon . com ,  because this was a  fulfilled by amazon  purchase .
i hope this review helps you with your decisions .
don t waste your money on cheap cases that will break and not protect your phone .
i ve been baking for over num_num years and know a good pan when i see one .
with some ,  the earbuds were too big ,  hurt my ears ,  and gave me a perpetual headache .
there is nothing too special about this product .
i have had no problems with the product .
i ve never owned a good set of knives .
however ,  it s not possible to get it entirely clean after use .
which is probably due to the microphone being in the headset .
i bought this screen protector for my iphone num_extend from num_extend
the sound is just not perfect for me .
i put my phone in my pocket and it slips in and out easily .
spend the extra cash and get this oem .
i found this one with many great reviews .
i also plan on using it to grind up herbs and spices .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
but again ,  this is strictly a matter of personal preference .
this is actually my second one because i broke my first one .
i bought num_num of these for the different colors to fit my mood .
then ,  there is a rubberized case that fits over the plastic one .
it is durable ,  it is colourful ,  and it fits perfectly in my bag .
after reading many of the other reviews ,  i decided to try this .
in practice it is almost impossible to properly steel a knife this way .
they are cheaper but the quality is just ridiculously poor .
the only problem i have is soreness around the ears when i wear this too long .
it worked ,  and there appears to not be any damage to my phone .
i think those are excellent products as well .
i upgraded my rating from num_num stars to num_num stars .
i got this to replace my original battery .
as far as size ,  yes it is big but not too big to stick in your pocket .
i wish i would have gotten another one .
this item had some bad reviews . i decided to take a chance .
this is a solid choice for an iphone num_extend case with battery pack .
i bought this because it was cheap ,  so my expectations was not the highest .
i contacted amazon and they rectified the issue by sending out a replacement .
here is a youtube video to show you how it s done :   .  .  .   .
but when used appropriately i have no doubt this knife will perform as well as it has been .
i was just a little surprised by how short it is .
i had high expectations for this product because of the reviews and i was not disappointed .
honestly ,  please don t let the price stop you from buying these .
no worries ,  i just bought the new samsung num_extend
it held together still after num_num months of use .
was a little hesitant until i read some of the previous reviews and found them glowing .
or you can spend another $ to get even better quality .
it has stayed on with no problem for months now .
this blender is loud ,  but does a decent job .
please take the negative reviews with a grain of salt .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
i like this product ,  but it s not perfect .
since it is this cheap ,  i think the quality worth the price overall .
great looking case but not the highest quality .
the seller was very prompt with shipping it ,  and i got it much faster than i expected .
i haven t decided if i am going to leave it on though .
i used it to charge my iphone and ipad and worked great at all times .
i ve made a pot of coffee this morning .
i got this earlier this year to began working out .
however ,  at the time that i did have it ,  it worked very well .
i doubt i will ever buy another brand .
so i went online and found this ,  and bought it after reading all the good reviews .
it seems a bit flimsy ,  but once mounted it is relatively solid .
i have been using this product for many years .
if this kills your battery ,  you need a new battery !  .
i fixed that by buying two of these .
i expected it to be flexible but that is not the case .
the only negative is i wish there was a longer cord .
for the price i think i got what i expected .
i bought this from amazon and couldn t be happier .
i have arthritis in my hands so this is an issue for me .
yes ,  make sure you purchase the correct size for your needs .
as far as food sticking ,  just use a small amount of oil and you will be good to go .
the color is very bright and lovely to look at .
i thought this would be a waste of money .
also ,  this is not a waterproof case and is not meant to be .
i thought this was a really good price .
i did and it worked out really well .
i then wiped it clean with paper towels after letting it cool down naturally .
that one quit working num_num days after i got it .
this is a fairly inexpensive headset which has some nice features for the price .
also ,  it doesn t take up a whole lot of room .
if i get the num_extend i will buy another .
if you are unsure about what size to get ,  i recommend the larger .
this product is getting great reviews for good reason .
it s also really pretty ,  which is a nice bonus .
it wasn t exactly stellar ,  but it was good enough .
i don t understand how it works ,  but it does .
purchased this as a gift for my son .
i purchased it because it seemed to get the most positive reviews out of all that i looked at .
but ,  coffee tastes better if you can use a finer ground coffee  not the course stuff  .
i bought these as a gift for my daughter in law for christmas .
probably because it is made of cheap plastic . the good .
i was so happy when i stumbled upon this product .
i thought this would be a waste of money .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
but ,  it is hard to take out of my phone case .
i was skeptical ,  but pleasantly surprised by this product .
i got this as a christmas gift for my son in law .
the cable included though does not act as a data cable ,  charging only .
because of that ,  i have to buy a new screen protector .
the waffles are crispy on the outside ,  tender on the inside ,  and delicious .
the battery can last for num_num or num_num hours straight .
especially cool is you can disconnect the usb cable and use it on your laptop or home charger .
i thought this would be a waste of money .
i read the reviews and was very impressed .
i like that it comes with various sizes ear buds so you can get the right fit .
well i received it and started using right away .
i found them on amazon at a more reasonable price .
but i decided to try it and what a wonderful product it has turned out to be .
i read the reviews before i bought it and it sounded like people had been having trouble with that .
these headphones were not designed for you and they were definitely less comfortable than a set of ear buds .
works great for using when i want to watch netflix unto my tv . i wish the cable was longer .
i had high expectations for this product because of the reviews and i was not disappointed .
i had high expectations for this product because of the reviews and i was not disappointed .
however ,  i haven t been able to use mine yet because i m still trying to get the sticker off .
when i got it ,  at first i was disappointed .
the sound quality is much better than earbuds of the same price .
he says he likes it a lot and it functions just the way it should .
with these you would really have to put some effort into bending them .
i don t like the built in plastic screen protector but it keeps dust ,  water and finger prints off phone .
i just for a new phone and had an extra battery .
what more can one say about a coffee grinder ,  than it does what it is designed to do .
this one was a little more spendy than some others ,  but had such magnificent reviews ,  i went for it .
for the iphone num_extend this is a necessary accessory .
the earbuds start to become uncomfortable after a while .
i got this as a christmas gift for my son in law .
i got the item num_num days early andc i was very pleased .
i purchased it at a great price too .
they are very tricky to apply to the phone though .
only con is that it is incredibly loud .
i got the num_extend too ,  and that s just as great .
i ve used it about num_num times by now .
only downside is that they tend to hurt your ears after fourty five minutes of use or so .
based on the price and favorable reviews i chose these .
i purchased num_num screen protectors from num_num different companies and this was the best of all .
and for the price you can t do better in my opinion .
otherwise ,  this looks to be an excellent product .
i unplugged it and plugged it back in and voila ,  it worked .
they actually work better than the one i paid $ for .
when the screen is dim ,  you can barely see it .
it s big and feels heavy in the hands .
i like to drink tea so i decided to give this machine a shot .
i ve used it both hot and cold liquid .
it is as pictured and the graphics are eye catching .
this is a very nice case and what makes it even better is the super low price .
i bought this based on the many outstanding reviews already written .
it s a large size and very heavy and substantial .
i must have just overheat the motor or something .
i got this coffeemaker about a year ago and am quite pleased with it .
so i tend to drink alot of water .
there isn t much to say about this product .
i found this one here and saw all the good reviews and decided to give it a try .
it does smell somehow weird  as somebody mentioned earlier  .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
you get what you pay for ,  and this is pretty good for the price .
i bought this blender because it is the best rated in a particular consumer review magazine .
i had read many reviews most good ,  some very bad .
it can be cleaned by wiping with a soft cloth or paper towel .
i thought this would be a waste of money .
it is perfect for smaller hands and very ergonomic .
next time i ll buy in store ,  so i can get the feel of it !  .
it has been such a great product that i am surprised to see some of the review here .
the num_extend does but this is the num_extend
i enjoyed the case ,  it protected my phone ,  but i didn t like the grunge look on a nice iphone .
i was so happy when i stumbled upon this product .
they are much more comfortable than the num_extend and the sound is better .
people sometimes complain that they can t hear me well .
others are more expensive but not any better ,  this one is great for coffee lovers like myself .
i used this kit to replace battery in my num_extend
i bought this product not knowing what to expect from it .
will update this review when i use it over time .
the coffee tastes better than from a drip coffee maker .
looks just like it does in the picture .
i would never pay that much for something like this for myself .
also ,  the phone was beat up from use ,  not being in a case and having no screen protector .
sound quality is good ,  mic works ,  and the remote works .
i ve used this battery for about num_num or num_num months .
i believe i have already reviewed this item also .
the sound quality is not stellar ,  but it works well enough for most uses .
the motor does make a slight burning kind of smell .
i bought this based on the many outstanding reviews already written .
it does smell somehow weird  as somebody mentioned earlier  .
i really didn t think it was a big deal .
the good reviews for this product is finally what sold me on it .
you get what you pay for . good deal considering the price ,  .
i have not had any problems with it and i use it on a regular basis .
my refund was issued very promptly as well .
it was cheap and i will probably use it again .
the only thing i dislike is the color .
spend a little more and get the right stuff !  .
i use this as a spice grinder ,  not a coffee grinder .
if the keyboard is unused ,  it will power down after a couple minutes .
i thought this would be a waste of money .
when i ordered this ,  i was expecting a light pink color ,  but it was hot pink instead .
the case makes my phone heavy and fairly large .
i hate how many screen protectors are on the market .
it is a hard glossy plastic ,  but it is not as slipper as everyone mentioned .
the blue is a little darker then the picture but it s a nice blue color .
i loved the fact i could raise it to accommodate taller cans .
why do i need so many damn words ?  u g h w h y y y .
it does smell somehow weird  as somebody mentioned earlier  .
spend the extra cash and get this oem .
the only negative is that it is loud .
i had a plastic one for several years .
my old battery went bad after a long use .
what i don t like is that i can t charge the ipad with it .
i have tried about num_num different ones and none of them work as well as this one .
it is a great product and would recommend it to anyone .
too bad an iphone with a case cant fit on this .
i didn t found any issue with this product .
the price was great and had great delivery on this .
it is small enough to carry in your pocket .
i bought this for my son for his birthday .
so i went online and found this ,  and bought it after reading all the good reviews .
very cheap ,  and good quality for the money .
i was able to get a refund without hassle through amazon . com ,  because this was a  fulfilled by amazon  purchase .
unlike other cases ,  this has no protection on the corners of the phone .
works well and i have num_num devices paired to it .
this knife has such a fine edge that i had to modify my sharpening technique .
i purchased this battery as a replacement and it s still running strong .
remember you get what you pay for though .
i did some research on google and visited various websites including reviews on youtube .
mine was made in china and i got it at $
this is really cool and it works well .
the leather wallet is a nice quality product .
i ve tried this product and can verify that it does work quite well .
a lot of case will make the phone bigger than what it is .
i read the reviews and decided to go for it .
the headphones that come with these are pretty much worthless .
very heavy and bigger than i thought it would be .
the amount of dirt it traps is amazing .
therefore i bought this and it works much better .
it wasn t exactly stellar ,  but it was good enough .
amazon is really a very good source for so many of these types of items .
my coffee tastes exceptional ,  and flavored coffee is really good .
worth the money although the price has gone up by $ since i purchased a couple of months back .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
i don t understand all the negative reviews for this product .
i didn t expect it to be so sturdy .
the battery life seems to be pretty good .
for the money though ,  this is great grinder .
but it took me a little while get it to work properly .
this is the only issue i have with the charger so far .
not the best ,  but definitely not the worst .
in the meantime ,  this is as good as it gets !  .
i like this case because it is a cute design and fits snugly on my phone .
at first i thought it looked too big and i was going to return it .
i loved it because it is attractive ,  durable and well made .
i would recommend it to people that wanted a cheap case .
i saw this product and thought i would try it .
the headphones are adjustable to the person wearing this and the sound is amazing .
this usb car charger is what i needed .
received this product well packaged and in perfect condition .
this is a great product ,  and is relatively inexpensive at around $
it took forever to bring up a website .
this does not mean that it is not easy to use .
i have read the other reviews and am confused .
was a little hesitant until i read some of the previous reviews and found them glowing .
that being said ,  you cannot forget these are earbuds ,  not high fidelity home speakers or studio quality headphones .
purchased these headphones to replace a set of broken ones of the same brand .
i have used other brands but find these to hold up better .
i found this here on amazon and ordered it .
i couldn t get it to work at all at first .
i purchased two of these and i like them .
my cuisinart processor is more than twenty years old now ,  and it still works .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
i use this for holding my iphone when in the car .
the only downside is that it does add a lot of bulk to your phone .
sound quality is very good but not perfect .
i will say my oem battery was near the end of its life .
the blue is a little darker then the picture but it s a nice blue color .
also ,  the price is a bit too much ,  even though it s a high quality product .
i like to use a mouse so the usb adaptor is very handy .
these vsonic num_extend earphones are quite simply great earbuds at this price .
i ve only used it a couple of times .
i like it  , that s why i gave it num_num stars .
i purchased this item for a christmas gift for num_extend
these are not quite as pretty but they do the job .
it s just what i needed for my iphone num_extend
i am considering buying some extra ones as gifts for friends and family .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
looks much better in person than in picture .
i was able to replace it for less $
the plastic does look like it could crack if strained ,  dropped or misused .
it sat in the box a few months before i got brave enough to try it .
i had high expectations for this product because of the reviews and i was not disappointed .
the sound quality is not the greatest if you re looking for banging headphones .
cute little phone case and at a very cheap price .
the best part is that it s cheap at the price .
she was so excited when she opened the package and could hardly wait to use them .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
i bought these based on other reviews ,  and i am so glad i did .
don t let some of these negative reviews get you down .
i had one and purchased this for my daughter .
full battery life of my phone is now restored .
i reordered from amazon and bought this one to replace it .
they sometimes sell for as little as $ and are easy to find for $ or less .
i ordered this on a whim and was very disappointed with the product at first .
they are not as heavy as i thought they would be  that being said they are not light  .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
i have since bought three more since i purchased this one .
it is plastic ,  which for phone cases ,  isn t the best material in my opinion .
what you see is what you get and what you d expect .
the product photo doesn t really show this very well .
after reading all the great reviews ,  i was disappointed by one thing .
its very thin and lightweight ,  but its the only one we could find that is stainless steel .
i may buy a second one for home use !  !  .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
i thought this would be a waste of money .
the sound is a little tinny ,  but pretty clear .
i use this for sugar for my coffee and tea .
i was so happy when i stumbled upon this product .
i just wanted to mention this incase it is a problem for someone else .
but ,  like most things ,  you get what you pay for .
i like this !  cleans and does not damage skin .
i purchased this case for me and it s my favorite color blue !  !  love it !  !  .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
i bought this case to replace the otterbox .
they tend to cost a bit more ,  but in this case you really do get what you pay for .
the price was lesser when compared to the one i got at the supermarket .
the uninsulated handle is a bit of a pain to work with  and it s kind of num_extend
it works fine ,  and is much cheaper than buying one from htc .
having said as much ,  i ordered this because of the favorable reviews and could not be happier .
i must say that the negative reviews are somewhat unwarranted .
i ve tried several others ,  none of which worked .
but ,  like most things ,  you get what you pay for .
i use this for sugar for my coffee and tea .
i cannot say something bad about this product .
spend a little more and get the right stuff !  .
it is under $ you get what you pay for in most cases .
the overall cleaning of the machine itself is so easy .
also ,  unlike the num_extend it doesn t matter where i carry my phone .
the otterbox forces you to use its built in screen protector .
it never worked that well and always seemed to be jammed up .
so i may have to get another one .
there isn t much more to say than that .
probably because it is made of cheap plastic . the good .
it fits ,  but is a little too loose to be considered protection .
i just gave it to a friend of mine .
don t waste your time or money on any other product that is a knock off .
when this one stops working i ll buy another .
only con is that it is incredibly loud .
you can pay a lot for other products but this one does the job just fine .
i like that the rubber protects the phone from slipping .
a and it is very inexpensive !  i really like it .
i bought this for around $ while at the grocery store .
i was so pleased when i opened the package and saw this item .
it s plastic but has a real metallic look .
some cases really detract from the look of the iphone .
it still looks good but not as it was when i first purchase .
i thought this would be a waste of money .
would buy again if nothing better comes along .
it was a good price on a speck product .
the price and the need for num_extend battery that why i bought it .
but ,  like most things ,  you get what you pay for .
the only drawback is the plastic housing seems cheap .
my only complaint about the charger is that getting the phone plugged in is awkward .
i got this cheaper here than stores around me .
i thought this would be a waste of money .
they don t last too long ,  but i don t think they are supposed to .
bought tthis as part of our camping gear .
also the filter is a bit hard to clean .
i will update my review after we have used it for a while .
i bought one of these models ,  used ,  num_num years ago ,  and it is still working just like new .
i ve had this over num_num years now and it works well .
i don t know why i hesitated buying this .
they are always a pain in the butt to put on ,  but these weren t too bad .
they are big and heavy but not too heavy .
i love this brand of anything they have .
at first ,  they were a bit tricky to get them in my ear .
of course you can tell by all these great reviews that this is an awesome product .
i am glad i bought this item instead of a bigger more expensive one .
the lock is solid ,  easy to use ,  and quite num_extend
much better than i d expected for the price .
they are not good headphones for those looking for huge bass response .
it works as advertised but adds a significant more size to the phone .
the num_extend does but this is the num_extend
spend a little more and get the right stuff !  .
great price and they are well made !  the order arrived quickly and i immediately put them to use .
matter of fact ,  it s very comfortable and it s not large and unsightly .
i don t understand how that could be possible .
i had high expectations for this product because of the reviews and i was not disappointed .
i purchased this for my new evo num_extend recently .
suprising battery life ,  which is a good thing ,  given the battery is not user num_extend
this product is actually better than i had anticipated .
ok yes it took almost a month to get here .
it is constructed with better material ,  sturdy ,  and doesn t look cheap at all .
i look forward to using it in the future .
very nice to use if you have nails .
remember you get what you pay for though .
also ,  the price is a bit too much ,  even though it s a high quality product .
it is attractive and makes a great cup of coffee .
the headphones that come with it are really comfortable and have good sound quality .
when i first got it ,  it was really rough .
my old belt broke so i needed a new one .
i recently bought this juicer after reading great reviews here ,  and i am not disappointed .
i bought this because reviews were so good and i was not disappointed .
it s not super heavy ,  but not flimsy either .
i figured for the price i really had nothing to lose .
upon first inspection ,  this seems like somewhat flimsy plastic .
decided to purchase this based on the good reviews and it didn t disappoint .
i got it today in the mail and put it on .
i ve had it for num_num weeks ,  use it every night .
but it still looks really good n such .
only needed it to charge my iphone in my car due to the charger that got did not fit .
i ve had this pressure cooker for num_num months now and so far i haven t had any issues with it .
seriously ,  i have tried multiple and gave up .
i let it cool on the counter ,  then put it in the fridge .
this is a very good product and i recommend it highly .
actually ,  what did it in was my feeble attempt to clean it .
i didn t feel that it had the best sound quality ,  though .
i purchased num_extend and num_num had an issue where it wouldn t fit the phone .
although i am not sure if the battery is replaceable .
nice to know of a company that stands behind its products .
the colors are a lot brighter than the picture shows .
the best tasting coffee one can make period .
this thing came in bigger than i thought .
it is slightly smaller than i had hoped ,  but it turns out to be a convenient size .
i changed my rating to num_num stars from num_extend for that reason .
so i may have to get another one .
sure ,  there are higher quality products out there ,  but again ,  i need affordable .
remember you get what you pay for though .
the best part is that it s cheap at the price .
i thought it would be a bit bulky but it s not .
the num_extend does but this is the num_extend
glad i got this after reading the postive reviews of the item on amazon .
i would have given it num_num stars but .
the motor does make a slight burning kind of smell .
i do not know how long they will last though .
this was a good product when i used it .
this is one of my daughter s christmas gifts .
you can buy one off ebay for under $ though .
i am very pleased with this toaster in not only looks but performance .
remember you get what you pay for though .
from themoment i put it on my phone ,  until now i m pleased to have bought this item .
i liked the fact that there were so many positive reviews as well .
these are the cheapest priced yet most well made products i ve ever come across .
bought as a result of other positive reviews .
it dont die so fast like the last battery i had .
after reading all the reviews ,  i wasn t sure this product was what i wanted .
i didn t expect it to be so sturdy .
well this is a superb product ,  i initially had read review with this product as well as buyer feedback .
i chose this brand based on reviews i read in amazon .
i have read several negative reviews here which are not necessarily accurate .
i read a lot of reviews before ordering this .
the fan is a little loud ,  but not so much as it would keep me awake at night .
after ordering it i had to wait several weeks to receive it ,  but it did eventually arrive .
i don t care for the mono earpiece fit ,  but the stereo headphones are comfortable to me .
i thought this would be a waste of money .
i decided to pay a bit more and get a quality product .
may be a little pricey as it was to me but it is definitely worth it .
you get what you pay for ,  and this is pretty good for the price .
i had the cuisinart grinder before and this one is much better .
the first time i used it ,  i felt in love with it .
it has been such a great product that i am surprised to see some of the review here .
i d give it num_num stars if i could !  !  !  .
but ,  like most things ,  you get what you pay for .
but what would you expect at this great price ?  .
well this is a superb product ,  i initially had read review with this product as well as buyer feedback .
but ,  like most things ,  you get what you pay for .
this way ,  you won t risk scratching the screen protector .
i recommend you to buy a back up battery .
just wish there had been a set of different sizes .
i stumbled upon this one and the reviews seemed good so i thought i would give it a try .
i had tried another brand and it was not useable at all .
i purchase these a while back and would get them again if i need them .
i didn t want to spend a lot though and think it s a good product for the price .
i ve owned one of these for about num_num years  and it still works  .
upon receiving this item i was very pleased .
the controls take time getting used to  you need to press them a little hard  .
this has been a great product for me .
i think it is a shame that this coffee maker is getting such poor reviews .
i purchased it after reading reviews on it and a few others .
it s not cheap or flimsy ,  it s very solid .
don t let the price scare you away; quality usually costs money ,  and in this case it s well worth it .
i was very impressed as this was my first purchases on amazon .
if your device uses usb power to recharge .
i thought this would be a waste of money .
but ,  being as inexpensive as it is ,  there wasn t much to lose .
and when i did ,  i was very happy .
leave a comment or mark the review as useful if you think so .
you can adjust the brightness ,  white balance ,  color effect ,  timer ,  quality ,  and other attributes .
it was no longer usable ,  so i had to buy a new one .
i read the reviews and was very impressed .
also ,  the price is a bit too much ,  even though it s a high quality product .
i ve been using it for about six months .
in this case ,  for once ,  i got more than i paid for .
i bought this hoping it would work ,  and it did .
it is however a little big and bulky .
it is cheap compared to other similar products .
for the price i think i got what i expected .
did its job but did break after about num_num months use .
i had a similar set that only lasted num_num months but it woks well .
i have small hands and wish the handle was narrower but i manage .
this cable works just fine as it should since its an htc original .
comes with the cup so you know how much to pour in and then flip ,  beeps when ready .
the hue is more red than it seems .
fortunately ,  the many positive reviews i read on amazon about this item were spot on .
it not only makes great coffee ,  it looks good as well .
sometimes you get more than you pay for .
consumer reports gave it a best buy ,  and that was my motivation to buy it .
item arrived pretty quick and in great condition .
not the sturdiest implement ,  but it s fairly inexpensive .
best of all ,  when you need replacement parts ,  you can find them easily and inexpensively .
this is a very inexpensive usb otg cable .
learned that the hard way with my first one .
decided to purchase this based on the good reviews and it didn t disappoint .
the battery costs well over half what a new one of these costs .
i read dozens of reviews looking for balance among them .
however ,  the headset that comes with the unit is bad .
i got this for my husband who loves to make pizza .
the camera ,  as others have noted ,  is not great .
the batteries the phone carriers sell are way over priced .
i love this product and have used it several times .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
the only thing i didn t like is the chemical smell .
the first one lasted only num_num months and died .
so just be careful with a tool like this .
i thought this would be a waste of money .
i have used many different screen protectors for my electronic devices .
or you can spend another $ to get even better quality .
i am upgrading the rating to num_num star from num_extend
i had one of these for years and just loved it .
i didn t feel that it had the best sound quality ,  though .
the only negative is that the color is not as described .
i ve tried several others ,  none of which worked .
only times when it sounds bad is when i start getting a crappy signal .
the only thing i don t like is the suction cup since it periodically looses suction and comes off .
well ,  this unit works just fine for me .
you can t tell a difference between this battery and the original battery .
i ordered these headphones for use with my ipad and iphone and it works great .
i don t understand how that could be possible .
each battery can last for less than a day with moderate usage without charging .
i will probably have to order another one .
but was very pleased when i found how nice it looked .
of course i had to update it with the latest firmware update .
and a few a few kernels that don t pop .
if they had cost % less i would have given num_num stars .
its cheap and probably cheaply made but thats what i bought it for .
i selected this product after reading many reviews from previous buyers of this product .
i saw these ,  they got great reviews ,  and bought them .
you get what you pay for ,  and this is pretty good for the price .
first mixer i ve had with the power to knead bread dough .
i fell in love with this one ,  and couldn t beat the price .
my daughter was so happy when i got this .
seems to be very well made ,  as well .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
i use it with my samsung galaxy s epic .
i drink lots of iced tea ,  and therefore brew every day .
even when new ,  my old battery didn t last as long as this one .
i did answer a call with it and i could hear the other person just fine .
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
the pan is very well made and sturdy .
i use it to mix a variety of meatloafs .
when i first got this coffee maker i knew it had the features i was wanting .
also ,  the water dispenses at a somewhat slow pace .
as usual with amazon ,  i couldn t be more pleased with my purchase .
mine too came with the incorrect charger ,  but they did quickly issue me a replacement .
i was initially dissapointed to receive a clearly used battery with very poor performance .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
all those years ago ,  i thought the price expensive .
and of course there are wonderful designs to choose from .
i bought this as a gift for my granddaughter for christmas .
it s a lot smaller than the picture might imply .
i read that people are using this for cheese ?  i don t know if that s one of it s labeled uses .
the material has a really nice soft rubbery feel to it ,  easy to hold .
the button layout of this keyboard is great .
my daughter is extremely happy with her christmas gift .
occasionally the coffee is not very hot when it s finished brewing .
i bought this based on other reviews ,  and i am glad i did .
i don t quite understand bad reviews for this product .
i ll try and keep my review short and simple .
it is not a beautiful item; it is plastic and looks kind of cheap .
it does smell somehow weird  as somebody mentioned earlier  .
i have used it only a few times since i purchased it .
the reviews were very good and that helped me decide to buy this brand .
i bought this because reviews were so good and i was not disappointed .
i purchased for under $ so it was a very good bargain .
works as advertised . it is much thinner than i thought it would be .
i have a fairly large head ,  but these headphones are comfortable .
hence ,  i wanted one with a thermal carafe .
it also allows the use of any type of usb with the right cable .
i have used many different screen protectors for my electronic devices .
i have used these tips several times now ,  having them for over a month .
i got it in this purchase !  !  i couldn t wait to try this mixer .
however ,  it seems overpriced for what it does .
i love this machine and the coffee it makes .
i bought this battery as my old one was starting to die more quickly than usual .
it s amazing how liberating it is not to have a wire .
but not bad for all the time it worked well .
the sound quality is not bad for the price point .
after the first charge  following instructions to charge past green light  ,  i got num_num hours of battery life .
the sound quality is good to very good .
really it s a great product i m excited to use .
i ve bought several and i think it makes good coffee .
bought these to replace my old henckels set that i purchased nearly num_num years ago .
the only problem was that the handle broke .
i prefer it ,  it s a mouth feel ,  texture and taste thing for me .
this is a good product and works well .
good product ,  no bad things to say about it .
it saves time and is easy to clean .
i think for $ it is slightly overpriced .
i have only been using this for a week and so far so good .
but what i know is it comes in nice package .
i found that it worked erratically ,  but was useful enough .
i just love this mixer and i love kitchenaid products .
i have honestly never tasted such a great freshly roasted coffee taste before .
charges a dead battery before the charged battery runs out .
this is a lot cheaper and works just as well .
this is the second time i ve ordered this product .
it does lift up your screen protector if its not perfectly lined up .
i ve made a pot of coffee this morning .
i am impressed !  and it smells so good .
i have very bad allergies and was having a severe cough ,  dry eyes and other allergy related symptoms .
this is a fabulous product that i have used regularly .
for this low price ,  there is really nothing that i can complain about .
but beware :  this thing weighs a ton and is very bulky .
i read the reviews before buying and decided to go for it .
i was able to get a refund without hassle through amazon . com ,  because this was a  fulfilled by amazon  purchase .
if i could rate it num_num stars ,  i would !  .
it is not an amazing device for a great price .
i was so excited and a little nervous when this arrived .
i thought this would be a waste of money .
this is a better quality product than i expected for the price .
when i found this at amazon i was thrilled .
ok yes it took almost a month to get here .
i may also have to try a different brand .
when i received this ,  i was surprised by the size .
i was pleasantly surprised !  and it comes with a warranty ?  i m sold !  thanks again for such a quality piece .
while not for everyone ,  it s a great product in the right settings .
okay ,  there s nothing wrong with this product at all .
i purchased this battery to replace my old one that wouldn t hold a charge .
i gave it to my friend as a gift ,  and he likes it a lot .
have used this product for over a year .
i bought it for less than $ and gave it a try .
a backup battery or several backup batteries is a must .
it is cheap but thats to be expected for the price .
i use it a couple of times a month .
was a little hesitant until i read some of the previous reviews and found them glowing .
the only negative is that the color is not as described .
it does fall a bit short in sound quality at times .
the good reviews for this product is finally what sold me on it .
my other objection is that the lid doesn t fit very tight and tends to rattle around .
for this price $ i thought it was too good to be true ,  it was .
my old blade was about num_num years old and starting to see cracks ,  so i ordered its replacement part .
exactly what i needed and the price was good too !  .
this is a good coffee maker but the coffee doesn t come out as hot as i would like .
very well made and the price was good as well .
i bought these based on other reviews ,  and i am so glad i did .
i ve been using this for the last num_num years .
which is why ,  when that one finally died after num_num years ,  i replaced it with another cuisinart .
this is a good product and works well .
that is the reason for only a num_num star rating .
it doesn t handle less than a full battery very well .
i am however a bit disappointed in the design .
too bad an iphone with a case cant fit on this .
but ,  like most things ,  you get what you pay for .
for the price though ,  i really can t complain .
after several passes on the sharpener ,  my nearly rounded edges came out quite sharp .
it s heavy and solid ,  reminds you that it s made with high quality materials .
this isn t a top of the line headset but for its price its a good bargain .
it is neither thick nor bulky but very durable .
i m glad i took the time to look at many of the items offered before buying .
after reading all the good reviews ,  i decided to give this a chance and i m so glad i did .
some are super expensive and some ,  like this one ,  are reasonable .
i won t pay over $ for it ,  though .
i just got this and used it for the first time .
please let me know if you have any comments or questions !  .
until then ,  i thought the unit was defective .
easy to use ,  remove the product and cleans very easily .
it is worth the extra money for sure !  !  !  !  .
reviews on this were good ,  so i took a chance and have been very happy with the product .
but i liked them so much that i wanted a new pair .
this is one of my daughter s christmas gifts .
i bought this for my son for his birthday .
very cheap but so r all off these types of chargers .
purchased this as a gift for my son .
i recently got serious about weight loss and took the advice to get a food scale .
i got this item at a great price as well .
i like this product a lot and it really work well .
i dont even know what else to say .
the earbuds will not aggravate your ears when they are in .
not a great buy at $ but not bad either .
however ,  the cord is extremely short so that is a downside .
i have to admit the sound is not as great as a wired headphone .
well this is a superb product ,  i initially had read review with this product as well as buyer feedback .
i thought this would be a waste of money .
it s free shipping ,  so i can t really complain .
but other than that ,  it s a wonderful product .
the good reviews for this product is finally what sold me on it .
i charge the battery ,  takes about num_num hours ,  lasts about num_extend days continuous use .
mine failed and i had to buy a new one .
if you put too much water ,  it just spills out ,  no biggie .
i was not expecting much at all for the price i paid .
but it also makes it more difficult to pull in and out of a pocket .
my daughter has one of these and also loves it .
i checked out some youtube videos and it looked cool as hell !  i had to try it out .
i used this to charge my new batteries before putting them into my phone .
after reading all the reviews ,  i wasn t sure this product was what i wanted .
i have used it at least num_num times per week .
that s the only reason my rating is only num_num stars instead of num_extend
i m not sure if that s just a fluke or not .
i had another brand and wasn t very pleased with it .
i m also not sure if an extended battery with a bulge on the back will fit well either .
the battery lasts over num_num hours of heavy use .
this knife is so good ,  it feels dangerous .
i purchased this smaller one for the versitile .
my only gripe is the screen protector it comes with .
with this battery i get num_extend to num_num days of use between charges .
that isn t a knock against the product though .
after reading all the reviews i decided to give this a try .
i was just anxious to try it out .
doesn t cut as well as i had hoped though .
i own a kitchenaid mixer and food processor ,  and have found their quality and performance to beexcellent .
it doesn t do a good job of protecting my phone though .
was very satisfied with my order and it looked exactly as i expected .
these clips are nice looking ,  well made and functional .
this one was the best item that i could buy in this price .
i just replaced my phone with another rezound .
but ,  like most things ,  you get what you pay for .
read a few of the reviews and the price was great .
when i read the reviews of this product ,  i was a little skeptical .
after using the new one it was apparent the old one wasn t working as well .
this krups egg cooker is my second one ,  num_num years old .
you ll like this if you have quality knives .
but ,  like most things ,  you get what you pay for .
after using the new one it was apparent the old one wasn t working as well .
i don t think it would provide too much protection if phone is dropped .
it was well packaged without any shipping damage .
i don t think you could beat it for this price .
remember you get what you pay for though .
they were smaller than i would have thoughtthey would be .
this can reduce the life of your battery .
only con to me is to see it is made in china .
otherwise ,  you will have coffee spills throughout the counter .
i couldn t get it to work at all at first .
but ,  like most things ,  you get what you pay for .
amazon refunded the difference in the price to me .
the quality is not up to a $ unit ,  but it s not $
i bought these for my desk at work .
this was a birthday gift for my daughter .
this isn t a big deal as the max volume honestly is not that loud .
i was so disappointed ,  until i found this product .
i like it  , that s why i gave it num_num stars .
i think this was a great idea of mine ,  if i say so myself .
it s so light ,  you pretty much forget you have it on .
its simply a design flaw the should be fixed .
i do love shopping on amazon !  thank you .
fits in the palm of your hand nicely .
it took awhile for this product to arrive but upon arrival it was packaged well and in good condition .
but ,  for me ,  with some arthritis in my hands ,  it is a little difficult to maneuver .
i hope it lasts a long time; after a few weeks ,  so far so good .
the camera ,  as others have noted ,  is not great .
the phone was worthless without the extended battery .
you can make your coffee stronger but not bitter .
when the batteries finally died ,  we decided to look for a new one .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
my only complaint is that it is so very heavy .
it s cute ,  and seems sturdy and well made .
the best part is that it s cheap at the price .
i was so impressed by the reviews ,  i decided to order this .
one time ,  i woke up with a sore neck .
so i was looking to purchase a new one .
it works great and so far it has lasted for about num_num months .
i am however a bit disappointed in the design .
i had no idea what to do at first .
i bought this because reviews were so good and i was not disappointed .
without it ,  the fit may be too loose .
if it doesn t work ,  i ll update this review accordingly .
i bought one for my daughter this year for christmas .
the sound is somewhat  tinny  when played through the speakers but the included headset makes up for it .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
while these cups cost more than your typical plastic measuring cups ,  they are very nice .
i had high expectations for this product because of the reviews and i was not disappointed .
the battery barely makes it through the day .
they are quite comfortable and have an excellent balance .
it is easy to use ,  no mess ,  and it is fast .
if you want a nice case for not a lot of $ get this one .
but the screen protector did scratch a bit when i got them so i was a bit disappointed .
what do you want for a few dollars ?  .
it is num_extend but it was too bulky too carry around without a backpack .
this is a good product ,  it works great .
this is my num_extend one that i ordered .
the original charger is weak because it s a usb charger .
this was a birthday gift for my daughter .
having said as much ,  i ordered this because of the favorable reviews and could not be happier .
i ve been using this for a few years ,  and i m very happy with it .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
i settled on this because of the great reviews .
although expensive ,  these are well worth the extra money for the sound quality and comfort alone .
it was no longer usable ,  so i had to buy a new one .
i contacted amazon and they were very good to work with and shipped me another set .
i love this product ,  better than i expected .
it has so many bad reviews ,  unreasonably so .
i would have given it num_num stars but .
i like this product ,  but it s not perfect .
it is also quite heavy for its size .
good product ,  works well with both my laptop and iphone .
based on reviews here we decided to give this a try .
it tasted wonderful and had  bite  when cooked .
the only negative ,  is that the bag really doesn t have room for anything else .
this was worth what i paid for it .
i was impressed with the prompt and courteous customer service .
it is so cute and i love it .
but ,  like most things ,  you get what you pay for .
i don t understand why this item has received so many bad reviews .
then during the snowpocalypse of num_num i lost power for num_extend days .
i liked the fact that there were so many positive reviews as well .
small  size :  this is pretty small ,  but it is well made and good quality .
i don t think that i would purchase these again ,  but i don t regret it .
i would only use it if i was out of paper filters .
i bought this as a christmas gift for my grandkids .
so ,  of course ,  i had to get another one .
this is my num_extend one that i ordered .
it s rugged and your phone can take a beating with this case .
after some wear and tear i dont know how well this will hold up .
i think ,  if i had it to do over again ,  i would probably pony up the extra few bucks .
the first one broke and i had to get a replacement immediately .
i use it with a samsung galaxy num_extend
i can t knock the product for that though !  .
i was perusing the amazon sight and noticed this item s reviews .
i find it a little bit tedious to try to clean it .
the quality is better than i expected for the price that i paid .
anyway ,  when the battery starting losing it s oomph ,  i replaced it and now its life has been renewed .
i dont use it a lot .  .  . but at least once or twice a week .
i bought it for my grand daughter as a birthday gift .
i did notice that my waffles didn t cook evenly .
it s not a huge inconvenience but it is slightly annoying .
the only hitch is that it s very difficult to clean .
i used it when i had my num_extend cell phone .
and thanks amazon . com for yet another great product at a fantastic price .
i bought one for my daughter this christmas .
but ,  like most things ,  you get what you pay for .
the colors are great ,  and the screen is nice and bright .
i purchased this set for my son s christmas gift .
for the price you cannot expect high quality .
works great !  everything i have bought from amazon has been great .
sound quality and volume are fine for my use .
but for the price it is certainly acceptible .
i dont use it a lot .  .  . but at least once or twice a week .
my only disappointment was they were made in china vs .
i thought this would be a waste of money .
this is not the best made item ,  but certainly worth the low cost .
the first time i used this ,  i thought that it wasn t working .
if anything changes i will be sure to update !  .
the first time i used this ,  i thought that it wasn t working .
the phone had a % charge when i connected the num_extend
they fit good and look great and not as heavy and all as some .
i ve been using it for num_num months so far .
we bought this as a christmas gift for relatives .
i thought this would be a waste of money .
i did not expect alot due to the price .
i bought these based on other reviews ,  and i am so glad i did .
i purchased it after reading reviews on it and a few others .
well this is a superb product ,  i initially had read review with this product as well as buyer feedback .
i tried every kind of opener known to man .
the sound isn t perfect but it is pretty good .
the price is cheap and it looks like a quality item .
after reading a few reviews ,  and weighing the price vs value ,  i decided i d give it a try .
she expressed she was really happy with it .
i purchased this about two years ago and it s held up fine .
for the price that it is ,  its not bad .
this is not a nice looking product but it does what it s supposed to do .
i used pliers to bend some of the edges to make them fit together better .
i have had no problems with this charger .
for an inexpensive set this comes out quite nicely .
remember you get what you pay for though .
i bought this as a christmas present for my daughter .
i m probably going to buy a new one soon and probably won t get the same one .
not bad for the money i spent on it .
i have bought num_num of these so far .
the first time i ordered this item ,  it was lost in the mail .
this one is the best i ve had by far .
i m probably going to buy a new one soon and probably won t get the same one .
perhaps you could get some other product that does a little better ,  but at what price .
i ve had this product for over num_num months now .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
i had high expectations for this product because of the reviews and i was not disappointed .
i was very pleased when this product arrived .
reviews on this were good ,  so i took a chance and have been very happy with the product .
if there were num_num stars this product should get it .
and it was like $ so what the heck !  .
doesnt scratch up as easily as a regular clear screen protector .
i revised the product rating to five stars .
bought this to replace the battery in my phone .
i changed my rating to num_num stars from num_extend for that reason .
i purchased this battery to replace my old one that wouldn t hold a charge .
i m pretty rough on my mobile phone ,  so i need a case to protect it from me .
they are great headphones and i highly recommend them .
lol but not a big deal since they were cheap .
i had one and purchased this for my daughter .
was a little hesitant until i read some of the previous reviews and found them glowing .
i have used this a few times and love it .
sound quality is awesome and the mic works great .
there is an occasional problem where callers can t hear you ,  but you can hear them .
i had read many reviews on this product before choosing .
i may also have to try a different brand .
i have arthritis so things like this are usually difficult .
i purchased and used this recently for the first time ,  and i really like the product .
i bought it and it works great !  i love the product .
the price is cheap and it looks like a quality item .
it s on par ,  or maybe slightly better ,  than the standard earphones that come with ipod and iphone .
i was mightily disappointed ,  but i can t fault the product for it .
i use it for myself when i want a drink of water .
i ll try to remember to update when i know for sure .
it has so many bad reviews ,  unreasonably so .
i also plan on using it to grind up herbs and spices .
i don t understand the negative reviews on this product .
after time ,  that battery will decrease in its ability to hold a charge .
definetly what i needed to charge my phone .
i don t know why i didn t look on amazon first .
i thought this would be a waste of money .
the only thing that bothered me was the colors are not exactly the same as the picture .
but thats what i expected for the price .
i didn t feel that it had the best sound quality ,  though .
only con is that it is incredibly loud .
i had to use a butter knife to pry at the edge a bit to remove it .
the blade is not sharp but is very heavy duty .
i just bought one for my niece and she thinks it is great also .
thanks amazon for including such a quality product in your line up !  .
spend the extra cash and get this oem .
but ,  like most things ,  you get what you pay for .
the cord is short but you can add an extension .
great looking case but not the highest quality .
did its job but did break after about num_num months use .
slightly pricey ,  but you get what you pay for .
there are definitely better screen protectors out there but these do the job .
but it is not as large as i would have liked .
reviews on this were good ,  so i took a chance and have been very happy with the product .
ha ,  this was for a phone i had num_num years ago ,  but it was a good charger .
it was just that it was a little too small .
i didn t know quite what to expect when i ordered this .
i thought this was a good buy for the money i paid .
that s about the only negative thing i can think of about it .
i liked the fact that there were so many positive reviews as well .
after seeing this ,  i figured i d give it a try .
the plastic used on several of the pieces seems vulnerable to staining .
but ,  like most things ,  you get what you pay for .
it doesn t do a good job of protecting my phone though .
mine failed and i had to buy a new one .
remember you get what you pay for though .
i bought this because it was cheap ,  so my expectations was not the highest .
i didn t think it would be as good as it turned out to be .
the battery in my samsung epic num_extend num_extend started acting up .
as you might guess ,  i buy a lot of stuff through amazon !  very convenient .
the plastic is thicker and seems much sturdier .
i bought it because i like to use that grill .
i ve used it almost every day for months .
i thought this would be a waste of money .
it is just too small for normal tasks .
i got big ears so this thin has to flex to get on my ear .
upon use ,  i found the headset comfortable and very efficient in sound delivery .
after reading the reviews i decided to purchase this one .
it s not too bulky ,  but is also not extremely durable .
i guess i should have thought about that before .
this is a nice little heater for what i paid $ but would not pay more than that .
also ,  i have really long hair and this always picks up my long strands .
i would give it num_num stars if it weren t for that one issue .
but its still better than my original battery .
i will update the review if my opinion changes .
it is what was advertised through amazon as seller when i purchased .
this was one of the reasons i bought it .
i am using num_num tbsp coffee  gevalia or peet s ,  a finer grind  per  cup  and have great taste .
for what you get ,  it is a little expensive .
but somehow it makes my phone look a tad plastic .
but you get what u pay for so i m happy with it .
it held up well and overall a great product .
that s about all i have to say about it .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
kind of cool looking for a cheap device . anyway ,  it s light ,  compact ,  cheap ,  and works .
it s good for the price well being very cheap .
i truely wont buy it again ,  go calphalon .
probably because it is made of cheap plastic . the good .
i purchased this phone from amazon about a month ago and couldn t be happier .
i just did not want to chance it .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
but ,  like most things ,  you get what you pay for .
this heats up extremely hot and really holds the heat .
it adds to the richness of the coffee s flavor .
i sweat easily ,  and do a lot of biking and walking ,  and my work is somewhat physical too .
at a glance ,  i assumed it did ,  and probably didn t read the description as thoroughly as i should have .
although i am not sure if the battery is replaceable .
when i got it ,  at first i was disappointed .
get it if you need a case to protect your phone .
this was so inexpensive for the quality and size .
i was so happy when it arrived and it fit perfectly .
time will tell ,  and i will revise this review if necessary .
i found this one here and saw all the good reviews and decided to give it a try .
nowadays a lot of stuff is made in china and that provides a competitive price .
i really thought it would not be as good as it is .
i will say my oem battery was near the end of its life .
i decided on this kettle because i like the design .
i bought this for my son for his birthday .
other than that ,  i feel this is a nice product for the price .
i purchased it after reading reviews on it and a few others .
i ve had this for a couple of years now .
that isn t a knock against the product though .
i d give it num_num stars if i could !  !  !  .
i love the camera ,  takes great photos ,  the flash is functional .
comfy in your ears not hurtful like some of the harder ear buds .
i bought this hoping it would work ,  and it did .
but ,  like most things ,  you get what you pay for .
i bought two of these for my wife s num_num vw passat and my num_num audi num_extend
since the door is flimsy plastic ,  it could cause it to break .
the reviews were very good and that helped me decide to buy this brand .
there isn t much to say about this product .
but after reading the reviews ,  i decided to give it a try .
i would recommend this and any other of their products from my reviews in a second .
i m probably going to buy a new one soon and probably won t get the same one .
it s rich and full of flavor without being bitter .
you could get a cheaper one for $
the paint finish seems a little on the low quality side ,  but is holding up okay for now .
i have had this product for num_num years now .
was a little hesitant until i read some of the previous reviews and found them glowing .
i bought this from amazon and couldn t be happier .
i bought this based on other reviews ,  and i am glad i did .
for the price ,  i did not expect much .
i was pleasantly surprised at the quality of sound from these headphones .
spend a little more and get the right stuff !  .
purchased as a christmas gift for my daughter .
i don t generally use it ,  but might if i was out traveling .
i ended up purchasing two of these and they are doing their job just fine .
i had problems at first with this battery .
this case is very good for the incredibly cheap price .
but considering what i paid ,  not a bad deal .
it is a lot smaller than it looks in the picture .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
it had a cord that frayed and broke after only six months .
but thats what i expected for the price .
i wish i had num_num of these things .
i had one ,  liked it so i bought another one .
have used this product for over a year .
i agree with the positive reviews for this product .
seems like they came from the factory and or amazon .
the only drawback is that the buttons are very small .
i found this here on amazon and ordered it .
i read all the reviews on this and other brands before purchasing .
i didn t choose this color but it s not bad .
and this is a new battery ,  not used or refurbished .
i don t understand all the negative reviews for this product .
it s excellent and i bought it based on all the good reviews .
this was a gift ,  now i need to buy one for myself .
i thought this would be a waste of money .
i bought this to use on my induction cooktop .
i had some trouble working it the first few times .
it s small and neat ,  and simplicity itself to use .
it may be a cheaper product but as long as it works i m happy !  .
so i m reducing the rating by one star .
it takes about num_num hours or more to charge when completely dead .
i liked the fact that there were so many positive reviews as well .
but even with that she really ,  really likes it .
the num_extend works well with my ipad  wifi  ,  iphone num_num and ipod touch .
it s excellent and i bought it based on all the good reviews .
the design is perfect and it functions well .
however ,  it isn t as bright as i would have liked .
product works as is advertised to protect your screen from scratches .
at this price ,  which is cheaper than what i bought st ,  i highly recommend this product .
my ear was sore till i got use to it .
my daughter was so happy when i got this .
i was just anxious to try it out .
when i got it ,  at first i was disappointed .
they look identical ,  i don t know the difference .
i have it and it works well but i don t use it any more .
this arrived on time and in good condition .
for the money ,  it is worth it in my opinion .
you plug things in and they get charged .
overall i can not complain for this price .
i use mine often to heat water for brewing tea .
i was able to get a refund without hassle through amazon . com ,  because this was a  fulfilled by amazon  purchase .
not a lot of heft to the knife ,  but handle is comfortable and blade angle perfect .
i was amazed to find this on amazon for such a good price .
i did not love the color but it is perfect .
but ,  like most things ,  you get what you pay for .
i liked the way it looks in the picture and wasn t disappointed .
i bought several in varying sizes and i love them .
after reading a lot of reviews i decided to purchase these .
it is cheap and does what it is supposed to do .
when i got it ,  at first i was disappointed .
i use this several times a day to mix protein shakes .
if the knife is dull it will take more than a few swipes to get the edge back .
the ipad was down to within % of its charge and i used this to recharge the device .
it does give tea a strange after taste ,  but i m very picky with my tea .
i think that it makes a superb cup of coffee .
i have enjoyed using this product over the years .
it does get very hot ,  so be careful .
these work very well ,  and are very handy to use .
i have gotten a few of these screen protectors .
it was just that it was a little too small .
i was a little disappointment in the cheap quality of this product .
i have yet to get a sub par product from them .
the only drawback i found was that this just doesnt have enough flavor .
open to other suggestions ,  so if you have one ,  please leave a comment .
was a little hesitant until i read some of the previous reviews and found them glowing .
i was just a little surprised by how short it is .
i recommend spending a little more and getting a larger one .
i purchased and used this recently for the first time ,  and i really like the product .
the awesome reviews on this product made me buy it without hesitation .
thank you amazon . com for the quick ,  easy and reliable service .
the quality of the leather inside and out is nice with a slight sheen on the exterior .
the price was cheap and it is a great product .
i think the bowl is a good size .
i have used cheaper products ,  but this is much better .
i ve had this coffee maker for a year now and just love it .
i bought this because reviews were so good and i was not disappointed .
but ,  like most things ,  you get what you pay for .
it took me around ten minutes to actually loosen the darn thing .
it works well ,  sound is good ,  maybe even almost very good .
so we thought we would try it out ,  glad we did .
i bought these for the good price and good looks .
just the right size for me as well .
this was given to me as a gift .
so i went online and found this ,  and bought it after reading all the good reviews .
i will update the review again after some battery use .
i don t know why i hesitated buying this .
still ,  i am giving it num_num stars ,  because when it works it works very well .
just received this measuring cup and it is great  !  just like the older ones we own .
i like it ,  but it makes my phone really bulky .
the plantronics voyager num_num is a great headset for the right situation .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
the case does not make the phone bulky .
slightly pricey ,  but you get what you pay for .
i did purchase many other cuisinart product and i m very pleased with quality of all this products .
it is a little cheap quality wise ,  but is a good buy for the price .
i bought two of these when they were on sale for $
but then i updated my firmware and it worked beautifully .
when i got it ,  at first i was disappointed .
i bought this because reviews were so good and i was not disappointed .
protects your phone if dropped and is hard to take the case back off the phone .
i do wish it was easier to clean .
i got this as a christmas gift for my son in law .
i didn t found any issue with this product .
i m surprised some say it has a plastic chemical smell to it .
i feel like i got a new phone .
but ,  like most things ,  you get what you pay for .
this was exactly what i payed for and i am satisfied with what i got .
it works and does what it is supposed to do ,  .
this vacuum was easy to put together and i was excited to try it out .
again ,  i don t know how to use it just yet .
i ve had this vac for about two years .
i purchased it because it seemed to get the most positive reviews out of all that i looked at .
the one drawback is that this headset is on the large side .
i really don t have any use for it so i can t give any review on it .
i bought this for my son for his birthday .
but the charger port is wearing out ,  some usb cables will not work .
it was a good price on a speck product .
i have other brands and they don t last long .
the only problem was that it took a month for it to come .
the iphone can t have a case on it though .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
the controls ,  though kind of loose and rattle a bit ,  are easy to locate and operate .
decent enough quality and at a very good price .
it is light weight ,  and has a num_num mah battery .
i bought this because it was cheap ,  so my expectations was not the highest .
i hope they make this for iphone num_extend as i am upgrading soon .
as for these headphone ones ,  if i m wearing them without my headphones ,  they kinda cut into my ear .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
well done guys . update :  i loved this product so much that i just bought another one .
i don t think it would provide too much protection if phone is dropped .
i may also have to try a different brand .
like other reviewer said that this is not the best quality product .
this product is not all things for all people .
the case is a bit hard to put on and take off .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
i am upgrading the rating to num_num star from num_extend
this one is made of plastic ,  thick flexible plastic .
in fact  ,  i bought a second one .
i liked what was offered from this product !  !  !  it was what i wanted !  !  !  !  .
i found this one here and saw all the good reviews and decided to give it a try .
i d give it num_num stars if i could !  !  !  .
it is very loud ,  almost like a tiny hair dryer  basically what it is  .
some times people have complained that they cant hear me that well .
when i received it ,  i was more than happy with the product .
when it finally stopped working num_num year running   .
i thought this would be a waste of money .
but i guess it should do a good job .
this fan is a bit noisy ,  but otherwise durable .
the sound quality is not the greatest if you re looking for banging headphones .
it slides in a pocket or purse easily .
decided to purchase this based on the good reviews and it didn t disappoint .
these are very good quality and offer a great ,  solid and comfortable feel .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
very well made ,  actually kind of hard to get on and off .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
i stumbled upon this one and the reviews seemed good so i thought i would give it a try .
so i m reducing the rating by one star .
but the price was too good to pass up ,  so i took a chance .
i purchased this battery to replace my old one that wouldn t hold a charge .
i was able to get it super cheap .
i don t know why i hesitated buying this .
i payed a great price for outstanding quality .
please let me know if you have any comments or questions !  .
i fixed it with a crimp of the pliers .
that i have a hard time shutting off my phone with this case !  .
i really like the look and functionally of this item .
the awesome reviews on this product made me buy it without hesitation .
this phone works well but sometimes you dont get good rececption when you reach certain places .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
i had read many reviews on this product before choosing .
first of all they are the exact same battery that came with my phone .
and the delivery time was rather good as well .
a bit more expensive than others ,  but really worth the extra cost .
after reading several reviews ,  i settled on this product .
i had read the mixed reviews but purchased this product anyway and i am so glad i did .
but it s so inexpensive it s not too much to lose .
i ve seen some reviews complaining the tea isn t strong enough .
i decided to pay a bit more and get a quality product .
but ,  like most things ,  you get what you pay for .
way too big for our needs   my err  but it is well made .
there are a lot of bluetooth heasets to choose from on the market today .
this i found annoying and was the chief reason i dropped a star from the rating .
if that changes ,  i will come back and update my review .
so i went online and found this ,  and bought it after reading all the good reviews .
i have been using zagg products for all my idevices .
i liked the way it looks in the picture and wasn t disappointed .
my only complaint is about the length of the cord .
it is just a bit too expensive per charge .
these are larger than i thought they would be .
i m keeping it for a backup case though .
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
costs a bit more but it is worth every penny .
i bought a few of them to give as gifts .
glad i got this after reading the postive reviews of the item on amazon .
i used the other review to decide about this and glad i did .
this is a great case that really protects your phone .
will update this review if i come up against something it doesn t do as expected .
it is an excellent value; more importantly ,  the coffee is good .
i am upgrading the rating to num_num star from num_extend
so i came to amazon to look for a cheaper one .
all and all ,  it is a good product .
the camera ,  as others have noted ,  is not great .
unfortunately the blade area has discolored from rust a little .
i ve tried bluetooth ear pieces and headsets before ,  but sound quality has been horrendous as is battery life .
i m glad i found this at amazon and as usual ,  it was a great price too !  .
i ve had this for about a year and it keeps working as promised .
the battery has to be charged and discharged a few times before the extra life kicks in .
i purchased this item ,  and just love it .
i purchased this as a gift for someone .
for the price i think i got what i expected .
it was just too bulky and got tired of how bulky it was .
this product is getting great reviews for good reason .
i bought this ,  slightly concerned about some of the reviews .
we bought this as part of a christmas present for my daughter and her husband .
it s just a couple of pieces of molded plastic .
so i m reducing the rating by one star .
i was scared to remove it ,  since i thought my phone might snap from my efforts .
it was really easy to install as well .
i had high expectations for this product because of the reviews and i was not disappointed .
i was just anxious to try it out .
so i eventually got rid of it and bought this one .
this is why i gave it num_num rather than num_num stars .
they look just like the ones in the photos .
i m curious to see if it will rust at all ,  time will tell .
i needed a new battery for my htc and this battery fit the bill .
i got this to charge my atrix batteries .
i read the reviews and was very impressed .
everything was quick and easy to set up no problem .
pretty good headphones ,  but a little lacking in the sound quality department .
i can t say how good it makes coffee because i haven t made coffee in it yet .
i gave this as a gift to my sister .
just don t depend on it protecting your phone if you drop it .
this product does what it says it does .
i read lots of reviews here on amazon and elsewhere .
fortunately it has grip texture on the sides .
fit is great and the color combination is nice .
the instructions were adequate to get me started along with having viewed some youtube videos .
i bought it because a cheap charger i bought did not work with my ipad .
i like this product ,  but it s not perfect .
i purchased num_num so would have a service for num_extend
however ,  it had proved reliable and did a pretty good job .
it is heavy ,  but that is what i wanted .
otherwise ,  this looks to be an excellent product .
i absolutely adore these !  they are so cute .
glad i got this after reading the postive reviews of the item on amazon .
it normally has a slight odor and hard taste .
i only feel that this battery also drains fast as it doesn t really last a long time .
i bought this as a christmas present for my daughter .
the smaller bowl in a bowl is awkward ,  however .
it can be a little uncomfortable during extended wear ,  but really not too bad .
it makes the coffee taste stronger in my opinion .  ,  but i like strong coffee .
i purchased it after reading reviews on it and a few others .
thank you amazon for the quick shipment as well !  .
i got these batteries for my htc evo num_extend
you can see by all the positive reviews that this thing is amazing .
cook in them seems like the food taste better for some reason .
the machine looks fantastic and it s very easy to clean .
i paid less than num_num bucks for it .
there really good headphones and i like that they were a good price .
i ve only had it for a month ,  so .
i have to admit ,  i didn t expect much out of this little thing .
this can opener is so much easier to use .
but for this price i think i can deal with it .
the only drawback i found was that this just doesnt have enough flavor .
i was expecting it to be a little bigger .
i m fairly satisfied with this product ,  though i should have reviewed more products before purchasing .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
i was going to spend more money on a more expensive model .
it s a bit bulky and makes the phone look twice it s size .
the sound quality is not the greatest if you re looking for banging headphones .
i purchased this one to have a bigger size .
this is the first product i ve had that has lasted .
other than that ,  i m thinking of buying it again .
i think i paid num_num dollars for it .
it s good for the price well being very cheap .
i got a good deal on it thru amazon .
great item to keep your suitcase organized while traveling .
the iphone num_extend does not have that num_extend
it always seems like when i need it the most ,  the battery is dead .
but ,  like most things ,  you get what you pay for .
this was a gift num_num for my num_num year old daughter .
purchased these headphones to replace a set of broken ones of the same brand .
it protects the back and corners of the phone ,  however it does not protect the front .
if you have the $ to spend go for it .
some of the rating caused me to initially question this product ,  but i decided to give it a try .
i have been using this for a while now with great results .
i cant tell if the leather is real ,  it does not feel cheap .
the opening for the micro usb connection is slightly too small .
it s a good size ,  but not too big .
i bought this after i broke my phone .
need to replace a battery maybe every num_num months .
i had high expectations for this product because of the reviews and i was not disappointed .
however ,  it is % not necessary for normal use . the headset is comfortable and fits well on my noggin .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
the reviews on this item were good ,  and i agree .
it is sturdy and seems quite well made .
sometimes you get more than you pay for .
the thermal carafe does a great job of maintaining the brewed coffee temperature .
sound quality could be better .  . but for the cost ,  you can t go wrong .
the green light means all systems are go .
sadly they don t seem to make that kind anymore .
after reading the reviews here and at epinions ,  i was amazed .
i like this product ,  but it s not perfect .
this replacement works better with my new motorola .
i don t think it s worth the $ i paid for it ,  but that s really my fault .
i have a samsung num_extend and a samsung num_extend each has a different size battery . pick one up !  .
i ve had this product for over num_num months now .
i ve had to take it off to put on a screen protector .
but ,  like most things ,  you get what you pay for .
their customer service is excellent ,  quite surprised how professional and customer oriented they are ,  another big plus .
so i went online and found this ,  and bought it after reading all the good reviews .
i got this set on a gold box special for under $
i wish i would have gotten another one .
i did a fair amount of research before purchasing this one ,  based mostly on the reviews .
the sound quality is good ,  but the volume is a bit low .
looks like it will last a long time .
it is also quite heavy for its size .
liked it enough to buy a second one for the other car .
i bought these because they were a good deal but they turned out to be an excellent product .
i cleaned all the parts ,  put it back together and voila !  it worked .
so i went online and found this ,  and bought it after reading all the good reviews .
i really don t have much else to say ,  besides that .
you have to sharpen it after every use ,  but it s treating me well .
i like the product and it was a great price .
just perfect for a good strong cup of expresso or just strong coffee .
i have been using this product for over a year now ,  and it is just great .
so i replaced it with a new one .
it isnt the best quality but it works and looks nice .
i ve read a lot of reviews regarding the product before buying .
for this price $ i thought it was too good to be true ,  it was .
i was kind of scared to keep trying to open it thinking it was going to break .
i liked the fact that there were so many positive reviews as well .
i m open to suggestions if anyone would like to leave any in the comments .
after reading all the great reviews ,  i was disappointed by one thing .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
what was most important to me was battery life .
i ordered this because my battery stopped working and i needed a replacement .
i bought these when they were on sale for $ each .
first i read the reviews here ,  and decided that most reviewers agree with our friend .
both a few other ones and was not very satisfied with the quality .
the sound isn t perfect but it is pretty good .
the original battery was only num_extend and was no longer holding a charge .
this is not a nice looking product but it does what it s supposed to do .
i didn t find that to be a problem at all .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
i bought a couple of these for misc .
and the new one seems to be working great .
it doesn t really provide much protection if you drop it ,  it can break easily .
cut my finger badly once ,  shame on me .
there are a lot of wonderful reviews on this product so you should read them .
i bought this based on the many outstanding reviews already written .
when i seen this i immediately ordered it .
when i first tried my cooker i also had a difficult time sealing the lid .
i upgraded my rating from num_num stars to num_num stars .
but ,  like most things ,  you get what you pay for .
this product has a nice zipper and has held up well .
it doesn t look like the picture ,  it looks better .
i bought this for my son for his birthday .
the delivery was prompt ,  packaging excellent ,  and product quality also excellent .
but ,  like most things ,  you get what you pay for .
the case is not teal as the pictures make it look .
it came well packaged without any perceivable damage .
i can also use one to hold my memory sticks and sd cards .
they are the best i have used so far .
i ordered another set about a month ago .
i couldn t find this size locally so ordered them from amazon .
i bought this machine on the recommendation of reviews from amazon .
it does work as a data transfer cable as well . not much more to say about this .
remember you get what you pay for though .
this is a well designed coffee maker and makes great coffee .
the case is a little loose but works good .
i would pay much more for this product .
the only thing i didn t like is the chemical smell .
i wish i had purchased it in the first place .
however ,  the headset that comes with the unit is bad .
it is a bit loud even at the lowest setting .
the only downfall on this case is when you take photos and the flash is being used .
unfortunately ,  it all too often does not work properly .
this battery may have better life than my original battery .
i mean for the price you are paying ,  you really can t expect too much .
when i got it ,  at first i was disappointed .
remember you get what you pay for though .
don t waste your time or money on any other product that is a knock off .
the original battery was no longer holding a charge .
during long listening sessions however ,  my ears did get a little achy .
there are basically num_num parts to this thing .
it is not a beautiful item; it is plastic and looks kind of cheap .
i was mightily disappointed ,  but i can t fault the product for it .
all in all ,  i really loved this phone when i had it .
it was delivered very quickly ,  was easy to use ,  and did the job perfectly .
it was good to use and worked as expected !  !  !  !  !  .
the case makes my phone heavy and fairly large .
one small note ,  be sure the cap is extremely tight or it will leak .
i got this as a christmas gift for my son in law .
i did not love the color but it is perfect .
it did what it was supposed to do .
it was expensive ,  but very well worth it .
i bought this for my daughter as a gift .
i especially like it for ginger and zest .
after reading all the reviews i decided to give this a try .
the awesome reviews on this product made me buy it without hesitation .
go ahead and save a few bucks with this battery .
that s the reason i gave it num_num stars instead of num_extend
i guess i was lucky ,  mine was oem ,  or appeared to be .
it is very loud on the highest setting .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
it is also universal so it works with many other usb cords .
like other reviewer said that this is not the best quality product .
i bought this for my girlfriend who tends to drop her phone every day .
i m thinking i ll need to replace it in a year or so .
and since the num_extend battery life is poor ,  that can be a problem .
i was so happy when i stumbled upon this product .
i ve only used it a couple of times .
mine was made in china and i got it at $
the price isn t low ,  but you get what you pay for .
i love otterbox products and this one is no exception .
i was able to get a refund without hassle through amazon . com ,  because this was a  fulfilled by amazon  purchase .
this is a good product and works well .
although i am not sure if the battery is replaceable .
i bought this for my daughter as a gift .
the original battery was only num_extend and was no longer holding a charge .
this feels like it d be expensive !   but i don t think it is expensive for the quality of this product .
it isnt the best quality but it works and looks nice .
i enjoy being able to make the bag the right size .
i had the motorola num_extend hd headphones but they gave me a headache .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
but ,  like most things ,  you get what you pay for .
it does smell somehow weird  as somebody mentioned earlier  .
i used it for close to a year .
the reviews on this item were good ,  and i agree .
also ,  comes with a little bright light to find your way in the dark .
i got this for my grandson for his num_extend birthday .
doesnt scratch up as easily as a regular clear screen protector .
cup of coffee that is very good tasting .
i think that s a matter of getting what you pay for .
you get what you pay for . good deal considering the price ,  .
if the keyboard is unused ,  it will power down after a couple minutes .
please let me know if you have any comments or questions !  .
i don t have any real complaints about them .
i selected this product after reading many reviews from previous buyers of this product .
seems to be of high quality material and it s well made .
that s why i give it num_num stars instead of num_extend
slightly pricey ,  but you get what you pay for .
this is a great thermometer; it works well ,  is easy to use ,  and is easy to read .
one problem i ve had though is that the handle keeps coming apart .
easy to use and set up was a breeze .
i was very happy to find this item .
but that s okay as long as it works .
i paid just under $ and at that price it is a very good value .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
that s about all i can really say ,  lol .
sure it s expencive but you do get what you pay for .
probably because it is made of cheap plastic . the good .
they don t have quite the bass  thump  or clarity .
bought this for my parents for part of their christmas present .
i needed a charger for my htc one .
i thought this would be a waste of money .
but ,  like most things ,  you get what you pay for .
i really like this brand and it doesn t disappoint .
i have to admit ,  i didn t expect much out of this little thing .
this is a good machine that does what it is supposed to do .
all that said ,  i don t know if it would usually be worth the trouble .
remember you get what you pay for though .
but thats what i expected for the price .
i wish i would have bought a second set .
i bought these at a very nice price .
just purchased a the num_extend phone ,  the case fit perfect .
this is my num_extend one that i ordered .
this is a great product for those looking for something light and compact .
well let me be the first to say i was wrong .
the good reviews for this product is finally what sold me on it .
if it doesn t work ,  i ll update this review accordingly .
i have num_num cast iron skillets and saw these as a suggested item .
i used to hate peeling veggies because it was so difficult .
i d give it num_num stars if i could !  !  !  .
i got this for my birthday about num_num years ago .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
so ,  i bought num_num of these trivets a few months ago .
the curved knife has sharp ,  heavy stainless blades .
it is durable ,  it is colourful ,  and it fits perfectly in my bag .
i ordered the num_extend size ,  i could have done better with a smaller one .
you get what you pay for . good deal considering the price ,  .
i m glad i found this one so cheap .
lack of adjustability aside ,  this is a good headset with outstanding battery life .
to me ,  kitchenaid stands for quality ,  so that s why i purchased this brand .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
i liked the fact that there were so many positive reviews as well .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
the case makes my phone heavy and fairly large .
i followed the enclosed instructions  mostly  and had no problems .
i may also have to try a different brand .
so i bought one and tried it out .
remember you get what you pay for though .
i have not used this product as of yet .
she s had it for about num_num months now .
it was troubling for me to see so many bad reviews on amazon for this product .
i like this pan so much ,  i ordered two .
they seem to work great on my older phones  android num_extend or num_extend
this is probably not the best case to protect your phone from dropping it on the ground .
that is why i am only giving it num_num stars .
it s not very pretty but it is functional .
the best part is that it s cheap at the price .
the price may seem high ,  but it s worth it .
it s more like hot pink than the dull shade of pink shown above .
the sound clarity is good ,  as is the camera .
i wish i had purchased it in the first place .
the sound quality is good ,  but the volume is a bit low .
i had one similar a few years ago ,  but it broke and now i was able to replace it .
the sound quality is much better than any other bluetooth i have ever purchased .
did its job but did break after about num_num months use .
but ,  like most things ,  you get what you pay for .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
it s easy to wash and is dishwasher safe .
this is not a nice looking product but it does what it s supposed to do .
i was thrilled to find the num_extend ones .
yes ,  this is plastic ,  but it is fairly heavy for its size ,  which implies sturdiness to me .
i had been using some cheap chefs knife prior so i had to use some force .
although ,  i really love the color and the durability .
it is a large size for the cost .
it was also very easy to put together .
remember you get what you pay for though .
i have not used it very often ,  but at least num_num times .
i see that amazon is not offering this product anymore .
this was a great price for an item of this quality .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
i have gone through at least num_num bluetooth headsets .
this purchase was a great one for me .
but ,  like most things ,  you get what you pay for .
this one may be ,  since it is a newer model .
however ,  buying on amazon sure makes shopping a whole lot easier .
it is great quality and the design is great .
yes for more money there are better pieces out there ,  but for the price this unit is very good .
that isn t a knock against the product though .
this was an excellent price for the number of bags in the pack .
unfortunately ,  it does not come with screen protector .
the speaker is not the greatest quality ,  so a headset is recommended .
small  size :  this is pretty small ,  but it is well made and good quality .
i may also have to try a different brand .
i thought this would be a waste of money .
my only complain is the cord is too short .
i bought this after atk reviewed it highly .
i read reviews on this knife and agree this is an awesome knife .
i bought this because reviews were so good and i was not disappointed .
it was a great long lasting coffee maker .
the pump works well and does not drip .
many excellent reviews ,  so i went for it .
i ve been using it for num_num months so far .
i bought it to replace one that was showings it s age .
the awesome reviews on this product made me buy it without hesitation .
if that happens ,  i will update the review .
when i got this case i was very happy with it .
i ve purchased several of these and they ve worked perfectly .
i ve been using this for a few months and really have no complaints .
it does smell somehow weird  as somebody mentioned earlier  .
i wear a size num_num and it easily holds num_num pairs of shoes .
i was mightily disappointed ,  but i can t fault the product for it .
as several other reviewers have said ,  this grinder is a very good deal for its price point .
i bought this thing and actually was going to return it .
i expected them to be at least twice their size ,  but ,  no they re small .
the only negative is the handle somehow feels too big or chunky in my hand .
i bought a made in usa and had to return it .
i will update this review if that does happen .
i was a little skeptical about this product .
after reading all the good reviews ,  i decided to give this a chance and i m so glad i did .
it works well and charges it fairly quickly .
did its job but did break after about num_num months use .
i found one on amazon that was affordable and ordered it .
i purchased this battery to replace my old one that wouldn t hold a charge .
the sound is just not perfect for me .
it has been such a great product that i am surprised to see some of the review here .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
the sound quality is not the greatest if you re looking for banging headphones .
hopefully i saved someone else the same embarrassment  : p .
first time i used it and went smoothly .
it was a gift and the recipient is well pleased with the product .
i bought this based on other reviews ,  and i am glad i did .
i got this as a gift from my daughter about num_num years ago .
also ,  my makeup doesn t stick to this as much .
its fairly small ,  about the size of a wallet .
i replaced the battery with this and it worked perfectly .
amazon refunded the difference in the price to me .
the headphones can be paired with my iphone num_num and dell laptop .
i was skeptical ,  but gave it a try .
they re more pricey now ,  but still a good value .
i find they have good customer service so far .
amazon refunded the difference in the price to me .
i bought this thing and actually was going to return it .
it is a little complicated to use ,  reading the instructions even took time .
i loved the color ,  looked just like the photo maybe a little better .
it s nice to have something work and perform like it s supposed to .
perfectly fit ,  great looking ,  and didn t add much bulk .
i couldn t get it to work at all at first .
a little unhappy with this purchase but these things happen .
one of the reasons i shop on amazon so much is the ability to read the reviews on products .
i got this food processor as a wedding present ,  really like it .
i thought it wouldn t hold the phone properly .
i ve used it many times and so far no issues .
i got these batteries for my htc evo num_extend
i thought the battery was dying on my original and changed it out .
it is good quality and is easy enough to clean .
was able to replace my previous belt ,  which i didn t even know was broken .
i have a total of num_extend for the price .
i like this product ,  but it s not perfect .
i bought this because reviews were so good and i was not disappointed .
wow ,  is a lot bigger then i thought .
i had a similar product but it did not perform as well as this has .
this is a good product ,  but getting a bit out dated .
i ve owned num_num for different phones in the last num_num years .
this replaced the can opener i ve had for about num_num years .
took a whole month or more to get it .
i think i only paid around $ for it back then .
i like that this product is so quiet .
i saw a couple of reviews saying that this doesn t fit .
the only issue is the finish is terribly scratched up .
i m also lowering my rating by one star .
works with an outlet charger and as a sync cable .
i don t understand why all the reviews aren t num_num or num_num stars .
this was exactly what i payed for and i am satisfied with what i got .
it is of good quality and is holding up nicely .
i was able to get it super cheap .
be aware that this charger does not come with its own power supply .
i don t know how long it will last yet .
they are also a little larger that i thought .
i bought this for my son for his birthday .
upon first inspection ,  this seems like somewhat flimsy plastic .
i may also have to try a different brand .
after reading all the good reviews ,  i decided to give this a chance and i m so glad i did .
other than this one ,  just buy cheaper mr .
i purchased this one to have a bigger size .
i like this product ,  but it s not perfect .
i m surprised anyone would not give this num_num stars .
i confess i use it mainly for mixing  natural  peanut butter .
yes ,  make sure you purchase the correct size for your needs .
really just a wonderful product ,  feels great and looks great .
this one was pretty cheap so i took the risk .
it s a little expensive ,  but a quality coffee maker .
i d buy one again if this one gets lost .
it does sort of look inexpensive and it is really small .
i love all their products and was happy to add this to my collection .
the product is well made and looks very nice .
but ,  like most things ,  you get what you pay for .
the sound quality is pretty good ,  above average .
got this to take along with me when traveling and camping .
i have only used it on the low setting and that is very quiet .
with some ,  the earbuds were too big ,  hurt my ears ,  and gave me a perpetual headache .
seems to be of high quality material and it s well made .
i bought this to replace our old waffle maker that used to make mediocre waffles at best .
so i went online and found this ,  and bought it after reading all the good reviews .
i will likey give it to someone for gift .
the sound quality is not bad for the price point .
the handle is just screwed in so it will rotate if you hold it sideways .
i love anker ,  the company is top notch and he product is just as good .
it was also very cheap which is another good thing .
but the case looks great on my white iphone num_extend
i give this num_num stars for a reason .
other than that i really like this product .
it would have saved me hours of frustration .
like other reviewer said that this is not the best quality product .
did its job but did break after about num_num months use .
i can see there are many reviews that rate it low for certain reasons .
in total ,  all of that took me about num_num minutes ,  maybe less .
also ,  the price is a bit too much ,  even though it s a high quality product .
the unit was easy to put together and to install .
amazon refunded the difference in the price to me .
not much more to say ,  except that amazon s service is the best ,  as always .
i ve tried other brands ,  which were not as durable .
i don t think that i would purchase these again ,  but i don t regret it .
i have tried other but my phone rejects them .
i bought this as a gift for my son .
it is very sleek ,  and looks great with the stainless steel in our kitchen .
i bought these because ,  well ,  obviously i needed a new set of knives .
the first thing i did was read the instructions .
i have used several brands of screen protectors in the past .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
i was very surprised with this coffee maker !  it makes great coffee .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
i bought this a couple of weeks ago and i love it .
it s also important to me to buy american made products when possible .
i bought these as a replacement because my old battery swelled up and it was making my phone slow .
i have had it for years; but i don t use it that often .
because i use my iphone to take a lot of pictures . defender case : pros : a .
i liked the juice i got from this .
i got a great price from amazon and purchased it .
i m a bit surprised by some of the negative reviews here .
the sound is just not perfect for me .
so i read reviews and landed on these .
i thought this would be a waste of money .
also ,  it doesn t take up a whole lot of room .
i also bought the num_num inch paring knife .
i m not sure if that s just a fluke or not .
i purchased this item for my iphone num_extend
i considered it a good purchase for the money .
i disagree with some of these reviews at least the negative review .
it is very light and easy to carry .
the material is real durable and so far i am impressed .
it s a nice gadget to have in the kitchen .
that s something that could ve been designed a bit better .
finally have the perfect scoop for making cookies just the size i want them .
just needed a new charger because the part that plugs into the phone wasn t staying in the phone .
i use this kettle all the time to make hot water for tea .
well this is a superb product ,  i initially had read review with this product as well as buyer feedback .
but beware :  this thing weighs a ton and is very bulky .
my only complaint is that it s not very pretty .
but ,  like most things ,  you get what you pay for .
it is the best and i have num_extend
i also own one of those ,  and bought this one for my son who is num_num years old .
remember you get what you pay for though .
yes it is plastic ,  but i feel it s not as delicate as some say here .
i just recently purchased this vacuum after reading the reviews on amazon as well as consumer reports website .
just received these glasses and i am delighted with them .
i ve lived in my brand new house for over num_num years and my carpet was like new .
i paid $ for this one and that included shipping .
i don t like the built in plastic screen protector but it keeps dust ,  water and finger prints off phone .
people sometimes complain that they can t hear me well .
it makes the coffee taste stronger in my opinion .  ,  but i like strong coffee .
and its the same color as in the picture  :   .
if you need something larger ,  get a larger one .
i got it cheap and once i used it ,  i purchased another one for my mother .
many excellent reviews ,  so i went for it .
now my phone does not die all the time as it did with my old battery .
after reading the reviews ,  i was hesitant on the purchase .
the color was very beautiful ,  and i really enjoyed the colors that came with it .
it works great and so far it has lasted for about num_num months .
it can also be used with another bluetooth device such as your cell phone .
the price is cheaper ,  but the quality is top of the line .
anyway ,  when the battery starting losing it s oomph ,  i replaced it and now its life has been renewed .
the oscillation feature is really cool ,  and it s a very quiet fan .
it isn t real sturdy and might not be good for everyday use .
was a little hesitant until i read some of the previous reviews and found them glowing .
i had high expectations for this product because of the reviews and i was not disappointed .
the handle is just screwed in so it will rotate if you hold it sideways .
i did not expect alot due to the price .
i contacted amazon and they rectified the issue by sending out a replacement .
this appears to be at random ,  but it just irks me .
i got my $ worth out of it and more .
but after i used them for the first time ,  i was smitten .
there isn t much to say about this product .
she loves it and uses it every day .
case is large ,  certainly ,  but as are all cases of this type .
after reading all the good reviews ,  i decided to give this a chance and i m so glad i did .
the handle however is not too comfy to hold .
i bought this one day as an impulse purchase .
i had high expectations for this product because of the reviews and i was not disappointed .
i purchased this for my daughter for her birthday .
that s why i was very pleasantly surprised at how quiet the unit is .
i really thought it would not be as good as it is .
it has a nice flavor  not to tart  ,  easy to use and a good price .
i think for $ it is slightly overpriced .
i gave it num_num stars because it did what i wanted to .
it s excellent and i bought it based on all the good reviews .
not to mention it has a num_num year warranty .
bought this for my num_extend hoping that my battery life would last a little longer .
my phone still worked after dropping it several times in this case .
my previous vacuum was a hoover bagless which i bought less than num_num years ago .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
wow !  i have owned several bluetooth stereo headphones over the years .
saved my phone !  !  !  it fell out of my pocket and then .
i got one and it malfunctioned and the company quickly shipped me a replacement .
it has a light pleasant smell ,  and it just feels good .
they are a little thinner than i would like .
you get what you pay for ,  and this is pretty good for the price .
i bought these and realized what a great value they really were .
these are lighter and easier to use not to mention a fraction of the price .
of course you can tell by all these great reviews that this is an awesome product .
i got this for my grandson for his num_extend birthday .
it can be cleaned by wiping with a soft cloth or paper towel .
i only feel that this battery also drains fast as it doesn t really last a long time .
through amazon you can get them at a reasonable price .
i thought this would be a waste of money .
i would recommend using a good coffee grinder ,  such ascapresso num_extend infinity burr grinder ,  black .
my ear was sore till i got use to it .
i have had pretty good luck with amazonbasics products ,  and this is no exception .
i should have purchased this a long time ago .
the awesome reviews on this product made me buy it without hesitation .
it has been such a great product that i am surprised to see some of the review here .
the knife does what it is supposed to and looks great .
the white plastic part broke on my first case after being dropped ,  but better that break than my phone .
the only thing i didn t like is the chemical smell .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
and i also have it overclocked at about num_extend
it is def not as flimsy as it looks .
its is a lot small than i was expecting .
i had high expectations when i ordered this ,  and wasn t disappointed with i received it .
you will need the num_extend or the num_extend
voile !  i wasn t doing it correctly and of course it didn t fit my phone or adhere in any way .
this battery works as well as the original battery that came with the phone .
i don t know how long it will last yet .
product arrived as advertised ,  in new condition ,  well protected and packaged ,  and it arrived on time as promised .
when it s brewing ,  the aroma is wonderful and the coffee has a fresh taste to it .
part of the reason is that there were many good reviews here already .
i have had it for about a month .
the price was good and the cable works great .
otherwise ,  it would have gotten a five star .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
i purchased two of these and i like them .
i am so happy i received this as a gift for christmas .
another great product that i ordered from amazon .
however ,  it isn t as bright as i would have liked .
i was skeptical ,  but pleasantly surprised by this product .
incredible product and so thrilled that i ordered it .
i had to use a butter knife to pry at the edge a bit to remove it .
only con is it makes the phone bigger and heavier .
my husband purchased this for me based upon it s reviews .
i had one and purchased this for my daughter .
when this product appeared in my gold box ,  i bought it immediately . it is amazing .
the reviews were very good and that helped me decide to buy this brand .
no ,  they don t make them like that anymore  .
i got this for my grandson for his num_extend birthday .
i don t think the quality is the same as the older model though .
you get what you pay for . good deal considering the price ,  .
the next downside is that the headset does not support connection to two devices at once .
the power bank is charged up by an ac adapter that is included with the unit .
i thought this would be a waste of money .
otherwise ,  there is no brand marking on it .
i m a tea drinker and this is a must have .
it comes with a screen protector that is very clear and seems so far not to scratch too badly .
i did have to replace the original one i bought .
a little difficult to put on and off the phone .
it does have a flashlight on it ,  but it is not very bright .
it s simple to use and opens the can automatically once it is placed in the opener .
i have read other reviews that voice this issue .
get it if you need a case to protect your phone .
if you are unsure about what size to get ,  i recommend the larger .
it took alot of effort of me pushing down on the front and trying to scrub with it .
after seeing this ,  i figured i d give it a try .
the iphone num_extend does not have that num_extend
the only drawback i found was that this just doesnt have enough flavor .
for this price i wasn t expecting top quality .
the product is as described and works great and easy to install .
it has been such a great product that i am surprised to see some of the review here .
after reading all the reviews ,  i wasn t sure this product was what i wanted .
i m keeping it for a backup case though .
it is not the most beatiful cover for your iphone .
when i ordered this ,  i didn t really think about the size .
but ,  i actually do plan on using it when and if i need too .
much sturdier than i thought it was going to be when i saw the pictures .
it fits ok on my ear but not perfectly .
the only thing i didn t like is the chemical smell .
after checking various reviews ,  purchased this item from amazon .
i only paid $ for it ,  so i wasn t too hopeful for its quality .
this is just a basic screen protector ,  i think .
i will update this review if anything changes though !  .
it was a bit tight but it fit and fit nicely .
the handle however is not too comfy to hold .
i purchased two of these and i like them .
the taste is consistent not watery or strong .
i have been looking for a bt headset that is suitable for audio or handsfree .
yeah they are expensive but will last forever .
not too great of a product but looks great .
it s a lot better than it says it is .
but ,  like most things ,  you get what you pay for .
got a new phone and dont use these any more .
i don t understand how it works ,  but it does .
some similar cables do not work on this phone .
honestly don t know if it s just the phone that has a sucky battery life or this .
i d recommend just be sure you order the correct size and style for your needs .
i had a friend suggest i give it another go with this and i am glad i did !  .
does not work as well with wifi enabled ,  but this could just be my phone .
the sound is good ,  the reception is good ,  the speakerphone is good .
consider a larger size if you want to make more than one cup at a time though .
but ,  like most things ,  you get what you pay for .
for that you need to get the num_extend
i have a large head ,  so they are snug .
but ,  like most things ,  you get what you pay for .
i drop my phone a lot and this case got scratched up ,  sure .
i love the fact the price was cheap .
for the price i would say buy it .
i was amazed to see just how small the num_extend is .
it took alot of effort of me pushing down on the front and trying to scrub with it .
feels good and strong as i use it .
but as i said ,  it really is a bit too small .
for what you get ,  it is a little expensive .
the only thing i didn t like is the chemical smell .
i was skeptical about buying this product ,  but i had read a lot of good reviews .
it is just a bit too expensive per charge .
super excited to have found this on amazon .
i am the worst screen protector aplier in the world .
very happy i found it and purchased it .
i bought this one for my brother because he was so impressed with mine and he loves it also .
remember you get what you pay for though .
i love amazon . com and will always recommend it to others .
if it doesn t work ,  i ll update this review accordingly .
if i ever need another charger ,  i ll buy it again .
the amazon photo of this is slightly wrong .
the purchase went through smoothly and arrived timely .
it s a little more expensive on average but it s worth the extra cost .
i purchased it after reading reviews on it and a few others .
i read the other reviews and was skeptical to purchase .
don t let the rather low price mislead you .
we got our money s worth on this one .
i rated this product num_num stars because it makes a really great cup of coffee .
goes without saying but this thing wasn t as sucky as i thought it would be for the price .
the price is very low for such good quality .
that is why i am only giving it num_num stars .
i purchased two of these and they both work great .
the reviews were very good and that helped me decide to buy this brand .
video quality is actually pretty good as is audio .
the price was great so i got them .
i have read other reviews that voice this issue .
;  i ll post pictures on here if i can so i can show you how it turns out .
some have complained about the screw holes not aligning properly .
much better than i d expected for the price .
this is my num_extend one that i ordered .
it s smaller than i expected but that is my fault for not reading the fine print .
i thought this would be a waste of money .
i was skeptical of the positive reviews about this one .
it was so inexpensive that i bought two of them .
the instructions weren t that clear so i screwed mine up .
once you find something you like stick with it .
but ,  like most things ,  you get what you pay for .
i like it ,  but i don t love it .
battery because i thought the battery that i had was not holding a charge .
this one is very large and holds a ton of stuff .
i purchased two of these and i like them .
the pink is not a bright pink but light and very pretty .
i changed my rating to num_num stars from num_extend for that reason .
the filter i bought works perfectly and fits possibly better than the original .
there isn t much to say about this product .
my wife and kids got this for me for christmas .
took about num_extend weeks to receive this item .
the reviews helped me decide to make this purchase .
it was very easy to use ,  very glad i got it !  .
i have tried several microwave type cookers for my popcorn needs .
however ,  the current prices on amazon seem to be quite high .
i don t have a sense this battery is better than the oem original ,  but it seems to be close .
works really well and does its job well .
fortunately ,  the many positive reviews i read on amazon about this item were spot on .
this is better made than the many oem products available .
this is the last coffee maker i will buy .
my brother loved it too ,  so i bought one for him .
first time i used it and went smoothly .
i bought num_num sets over num_num years ago .
the only problem i have is the lid is difficult to put on .
it s big and it even has a handle .
for the price i would definitely buy this again ,  but the quality isn t all that great .
i liked the fact that there were so many positive reviews as well .
but ,  like most things ,  you get what you pay for .
it does what it is suppose to do .
after reading several reviews ,  i settled on this product .
the only problem is the handle comes loose and needs to be tapped in occasionally .
but it also makes it more difficult to pull in and out of a pocket .
i love this product and have used it several times .
the only other drawback is the included screen protector ,  i could not get it to work properly .
reading the reviews i was not expecting much and ,  i was wrong .
i have the hardest time finding bluetooth earbuds that work on my tiny ear canal .
after reading other s reviews i was certain that i would be pleased with it .
the cover is very good for being such an inexpensive item .
i had another brand and wasn t very pleased with it .
the smaller screen also makes the touch screen a bit more difficult to operate .
i saw it ,  and promptly ordered it on amazon .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
i bought this based on the many outstanding reviews already written .
i was impressed with the sale price ,  so i bought this on a whim .
glad i found these at a reasonable price .
this turned out to be a christmas gift for someone .
i just wish there were more colors to choose from .
the problem with bluetooth devices is they can often be difficult to pair .
this item fits snugly ,  yet it s not uncomfortable .
you get what you pay for ,  and this is pretty good for the price .
my only gripe is the less than perfect fit of the device in my ear .
for years i was not satisfied with my morning coffee .
i d give it num_extend stars if i could .
keeps your phone from slipping out of your hand and provides protection from the screen hitting the ground .
probably because it is made of cheap plastic . the good .
but ,  considering how inexpensive it was and how clear the sound comes thru i think it s a nice headset .
i thought this would be a waste of money .
i have been using them for about a year now .
really good quality ,  especially considering how cheap it is .
i was able to get a refund without hassle through amazon . com ,  because this was a  fulfilled by amazon  purchase .
it is large ,  it is roomy and it is heavy .
i then washed the pot ,  and then put in drainer to dry .
the plastic does look like it could crack if strained ,  dropped or misused .
i saw these ,  they got great reviews ,  and bought them .
i ve had this product for about num_num weeks now .
though i tried a few earlier ,  none of them were able to give the desired results .
this product is actually better than i had anticipated .
it comes in handy when i really need to charge my phone and there s not outlet .
had it for about a week with no real issues .
it isn t a quick charger which can only be the down side .
if possible i would rate it a num_extend
this battery maintains a charge longer than the samsung oem that came with my phone .
i ve had no pairing issues ,  but then i ve never had pairing issues with any bluetooth headset .
to the product at hand ,  again ,  this is really not my kind of thing but it s fairly nice .
i was so pleased when i opened the package and saw this item .
these are cheap and do their job so well .
and anyone who has this phone knows how horrible it is on battery life .
will get to get a good screen protector as this one does not cover the screen .
and ,  it did not have that  muddy  taste that old coffee gets .
i have had it for two years and have never had a problem .
or you can spend another $ to get even better quality .
this is an inexpensive solution to provide protection from scratches and other issues on an htc evo screen .
i received this item on time and in good condition .
i never used it to charge my phone from % yet .
so overall i was very suprised by how much i like these headphones .
for what you get ,  it is a little expensive .
that s about all i have to say about it .
my experience with the customer service group at amazon could not have been better ,  i m pleased to say .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
it took me a while to figure out how to use it  it was not intuitively obvious to me  .
generalthe one i received looks a little different from the one pictured but it s pretty close .
the product was exactly as described in the information .
i ve upgraded my review from num_num stars to num_num stars .
this is a very cool toy !  !  yep ,  that s about the size of it .
when i first put it on i thought it did not fit .
i couldn t get it to work at all at first .
my only complaint is the color is not what i thought ,  but that s my fault .
i ve had several of them over the last few years .
there is a reason this thing is num_num bucks .
works great ,  however i wish the cord was a little longer as you can t use it while it s charging .
i bought this because i needed a cheap case that had a cool design .
be mindful of the plastic ear clip ,  its somewhat flimsy .
for this price $ i thought it was too good to be true ,  it was .
it does make very good coffee and it has a lot of nice features .
this works well for me ,  but may not be for everyone .
i read countless reviews before buying this product ,  and decided to buy it anyway .
i have been using it for about num_num weeks now and have encountered no problem at all .
i m also lowering my rating by one star .
but after reading the reviews ,  i decided to give it a try .
we have two of these chargers and four anker batteries .
product arrived as described ,  on time and well packaged .
i would have given a num_num star rating but for the price .
when i receieved these as a gift ,  i was so happy .
of course i had to update it with the latest firmware update .
i ve read a lot of reviews regarding the product before buying .
i have a cat ,  and pretty bad allergies in general  not to cats ,  thankfully  .
that s about all i can really say ,  lol .
getting a screen protector on it isn t the easiest thing in the world .
i bought a made in usa and had to return it .
oh yeah baby !  i will use this every day until it dies .
it is only num_num minutes and worth num_extend
i was so impressed by the reviews ,  i decided to order this .
so i may have to get another one .
reviews on this were good ,  so i took a chance and have been very happy with the product .
would be nice if it was a little bigger .
i like them smaller so i ordered the smaller size one afterward .
however ,  i have a hard time using it in glasses .
took a whole month or more to get it .
i use it when i take a shower .
i really was impressed in the way these fit .
also ,  it can be a bit hard to remove the case from your phone .
i thought this would be a waste of money .
i saw this product and thought it was inexpensive and worth a try .
because it s so small ,  it s not too heavy at all .
after reading the reviews i decided to purchase this one .
i reordered from amazon and bought this one to replace it .
i paid less than num_num bucks for it .
i bought num_num then returned for num_num more .
i would recomend if you re going to get a num_extend might as well get a num_extend
fyi :  i bought charger for my samsung captivate and works great .
i ordered this case and was absolutely thrilled .
i always love amazon s frustration free packaging ,  as well .
i had high expectations for this product because of the reviews and i was not disappointed .
i am a big fan of this product .
for the price though ,  i really can t complain .
i would buy it again; i may have to .
despite that ,  i really love this case and the color .
this product does what it says it does .
it looks a lot better than it does online .
i purchased for under $ so it was a very good bargain .
i just wished i had not wasted my money in $ cases !  .
i thought this would be a waste of money .
the uninsulated handle is a bit of a pain to work with  and it s kind of num_extend
the only drawback i found was that this just doesnt have enough flavor .
i got these batteries for my htc evo num_extend
but after reading the reviews ,  i decided to give it a try .
i may also have to try a different brand .
i would order from them again for sure .
i wasn t too disappointed ,  but needed a new phone .
i ve tried various styles with other phones and they re always lacking in some way .
price is a little high ,  but i guess you pay for quality .
was a little hesitant until i read some of the previous reviews and found them glowing .
again i am very pleased with this product it is exactly what i was looking for .
i d give five stars if it didn t cost so much .
might be tough for someone with small hands to use at capacity .
i ve had this product for about num_num months now .
first off ,  i m not a big coffee drinker .
i ended up buying another case in a different color .
i have used this knife for two years .
i bought this for my new phone because i had one for my old iphone and just loved it .
but i mean it s not that big of a deal for me .
this battery wasn t used long but the time it was in use it worked very well .
it is not made of thick metal ,  and therefore feels just a little cheap .
it s well made ,  looks and feels good ,  and does the job well .
i was very pleased when this product arrived .
i ve purchased these before and have been looking to replace my old one for quite a while .
i don t think that i would purchase these again ,  but i don t regret it .
i ordered the num_extend size ,  i could have done better with a smaller one .
this is much larger than you might imagine .
first time i used it and went smoothly .
you get what you pay for ,  and this is pretty good for the price .
but as i said ,  it really is a bit too small .
however ,  i washed it good anyway ,  dried it and it returned to it s original shape .
i would recommend ordering this item as the price was extremely cheap but the product is good .
my hands are very week and the other kind hurts my hand .
if you dont ,  the phone is a little too big to fit in the case .
read the other reviews for more technical assessments .
when you pop off the sealer the top lid usually comes loose .
when i got it ,  at first i was disappointed .
i have read other reviews that voice this issue .
i stumbled upon this one and the reviews seemed good so i thought i would give it a try .
i saw this product and thought it was inexpensive and worth a try .
i saw this on amazon and purchased it .
the charger port just broke and so my battery can t be charged by conventional methods .
it is not heavy which is good for me as i have arthritis in my hands .
however ,  i was quite pleased with this purchase .
i like this product ,  but it s not perfect .
this case is well made and looks good .
other than this issue it is a good product .
wow ,  i ve never been able to put on a screen protector as easily as i did this one .
i like this product ,  but it s not perfect .
well ,  i can tell you that all the reviews i read were correct .
i didn t found any issue with this product .
first time using it ,  i thought it didin t work .
i bought this based on the many outstanding reviews already written .
update   i ve now had this product for about a year and a half .
first time i used it and went smoothly .
time will tell ,  and i will revise this review if necessary .
did its job but did break after about num_num months use .
i m surprised by the number of one star reviews .
i used these protectors for my iphone and they lasted the whole num_num years i had my phone .
i thought this would be a waste of money .
i paid less than num_num bucks for it .
i bought this as a gift for my son .
you can buy one off ebay for under $ though .
yes ,  make sure you purchase the correct size for your needs .
the sound quality is not perfect but i think it is great for the price .
hopefully these issues can be addressed in an update to the companion app .
i do have to say it fits the handle very well and also my hand .
other than that i really like this product .
i only paid $ for it ,  so i wasn t too hopeful for its quality .
only downside is that the outside becomes very hot .
it is what it is and did not cost a fortune .
i ordered the num_extend size ,  i could have done better with a smaller one .
i bought this ,  slightly concerned about some of the reviews .
it may be a little expensive ,  but it is worth the money .
simple to configure and operate  with one button for num_extend
as for these headphone ones ,  if i m wearing them without my headphones ,  they kinda cut into my ear .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
and its the same color as in the picture  :   .
it actually covered up a scratch that i already had on my phone .
so i decided to splurge a bit and get one that will last .
gives me very good battery life im happy with this product .
i bought this for my husband for work .
after this i decided for under $ i could take the chance .
but after reading the reviews ,  i decided to give it a try .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
that is why i gave it num_num stars .
i got this for my birthday about num_num years ago .
after reading the reviews i purchased them and could not be happier .
i bought this one after doing a little research and reading reviews .
i don t understand the negative reviews on this product .
i was so impressed by the reviews ,  i decided to order this .
this was a gift and she loved it .
i have been using this product for over a year now ,  and it is just great .
you can buy a cheaper one or a more expensive one .
for daily coffee drinkers ,  though ,  i think this machine is far from perfect .
i used it for close to a year .
we gave him this for christmas .  .  . he was really happy when he opened it .
and ,  the best thing is that it has no chemical smell .
people sometimes complain that they can t hear me well .
the good reviews for this product is finally what sold me on it .
we use it about num_num times per week .
the old battery was dead and the phone would act up .
i bought this as a gift and it was well received .
sometimes the more expensive one is not always the best option .
i got it here at amazon for $
this product is as simple as it is inexpensive .
however ,  i have not found one good enough yet .
i bought this as a gift for my husband and he love it .
i have not had a chance to use this product as yet .
that s about all i have to say about it .
i got compliments on it all the time .
they fit well ,  look nice and are very affordable .
this product is getting great reviews for good reason .
the first time i used this ,  i thought that it wasn t working .
i broke my first one after a year and heavy use  it was my fault that it got broken  .
this is a better quality product than i expected for the price .
i have been using this product for many years .
i may also have to try a different brand .
this bag i then throw into the trash .
i almost didn t buy this because of some bad reviews .
i got this cause it was cheap and simple .
only downside is when turned up really loud the speakers distort .
the best part is that the battery does not need an extra back cover .
with them being so cheap its not really a problem .
it would have been nice ,  if they were a little larger .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
the sound quality is not perfect but i think it is great for the price .
that said ,  i don t think that the retail of $ is a fair price .
it s quick and easy to use and it weighs very little .
these cost more ,  but are definitely worth the extra money .
i had bought another brand some time ago but had gone back to my favorite presto .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
so far the item seems to be well constructed .
its is a lot small than i was expecting .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
i use mine num_num or num_num times a day .
i bought these years ago ,  almost num_num to be exact and they held up perfectly .
i got this as a christmas present for my brother .
it occasionally loses connection while i am using it .
the awesome reviews on this product made me buy it without hesitation .
so i replaced it with a new one .
the only thing that bothered me was the colors are not exactly the same as the picture .
at first it went down difficultly but then i realized i had too big a piece of dough .
well this is a superb product ,  i initially had read review with this product as well as buyer feedback .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
the only drawback i found was that this just doesnt have enough flavor .
but what would you expect at this great price ?  .
i have arthritis in my hands so this is an issue for me .
it was just that it was a little too small .
be sure to use a screen protector for added protection .
it s a great buy on sale i m not sure i d pay full price for it though .
this is my second purchase of this product .
this is the second one i purchase from amazon .
at these prices it makes it less expensive .
what can i say ,  this is the one i needed for my coffee maker so i got it .
i m also lowering my rating by one star .
i will continue to use it until it doesn t want to work no more .
when i got it ,  at first i was disappointed .
perfect fit with not a lot of bulk .
don t waste your money on other expensive cases .
first i read the reviews here ,  and decided that most reviewers agree with our friend .
i put one in the phone to charge and one in an external charger .
when my battery hit num_num led ,  the charger shut off .
then the company got a hold of me and refunded my money because i wasn t totally satisfied .
my ear was sore till i got use to it .
i liked the fact that there were so many positive reviews as well .
i may also have to try a different brand .
it s a minor thing but kind of annoying .
my previous battery worked like a champ for num_num years until i replaced the phone .
it s a bit smaller than i thought it would be though .
time will tell whether the velcro will stand up to much use .
i bought this because it looked great ,  but it turns out it was very functional also .
but ,  like most things ,  you get what you pay for .
they are plastic so they are not going to last forever .
you really get your money s worth with this one .
installation was fine ,  easy snap on and ready for use .
i cannot say something bad about this product .
btw ,  it was packed very well and arrived in perfect condition .
however ,  the finest setting isn t quite fine enough for what espresso grind  should  be .
not the best when in bright sunny areas as it does make it somewhat difficult to see the screen .
my original cord broke and needed a replacement .
well this is a superb product ,  i initially had read review with this product as well as buyer feedback .
i got one and it malfunctioned and the company quickly shipped me a replacement .
remember you get what you pay for though .
they are made of great quality ,  and they look great ,  too !  .
i don t understand how it works ,  but it does .
i have tried several others ,  including other plantronics .
i really thought it would not be as good as it is .
not the best ,  but definitely not the worst .
but ,  like most things ,  you get what you pay for .
for this price $ i thought it was too good to be true ,  it was .
its not a deal breaker ,  but its kind of disappointing . p . s .
took a whole month or more to get it .
seems to be actual leather unlike many similar cases that claim to be leather and are actually plastic .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
i have been using this product for many years .
the awesome reviews on this product made me buy it without hesitation .
i decided to pay a bit more and get a quality product .
and if i hadnt gotten it as a gift ,  i probably wouldnt have it .
this was a good product at a great price .
small ,  but a wee bit bigger than i m used to .
i have used several brands of screen protectors in the past .
i had a pair of insignia headphones that were not anywhere near this nice .
mine is num_extend and it is the right size for me .
i just wished i had not wasted my money in $ cases !  .
this beaker is marked num_num cups ,  and num_num ml num_extend cups  .
i bought this like num_num years ago and still working good .
i have it and it works well but i don t use it any more .
when i received it ,  i was more than happy with the product .
everything must be put together just right for it to work .
this is a great and idea and a great product .
as well as having a usb port for charging your phone at the same time ,  one power source .
it cleans up very easily and it doesn t hold scents .
the only thing i dislike is the color .
the instructions were adequate to get me started along with having viewed some youtube videos .
i was mightily disappointed ,  but i can t fault the product for it .
my brother loved it too ,  so i bought one for him .
i bought this popper about num_num weeks ago .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
or ,  it s nice for things that require dip .
i saw these ,  they got great reviews ,  and bought them .
overall for the price and the few let downs ,  its a good deal .
i read a lot of reviews before ordering this .
this is one of the more noticeable areas of improvement over num_extend
but after reading the product comments i decided to give it a try .
i just don t like bland ,  bitter or too strong tasting coffee .
in a very quiet environment ,  they work fine .
if that happens ,  i will update the review .
i almost didn t buy this because of some bad reviews .
i thought this would be a waste of money .
i like this product ,  but it s not perfect .
when i first saw this i thought it looked thin and not very durable .
the price may be a tad high ,  in my opinion .
i hope the company that made this bluetooth headset can consider this for the future .
i didn t expect this to work well ,  or even at all .
i bought this for my mom for christmas .
so overall ,  a nice product with a few disapointments .
i had high expectations for this product because of the reviews and i was not disappointed .
you get a great product for a low price .
after reading the reviews ,  i was hesitant on the purchase .
after ordering it i had to wait several weeks to receive it ,  but it did eventually arrive .
i typically have a problem with headphones being too quiet .
it s what i was looking for at a better price than elsewhere on the web .
it s a little more expensive on average but it s worth the extra cost .
i decided to pay a bit more and get a quality product .
i ve used it almost every day for months .
first time i used it and went smoothly .
i thought this would be a waste of money .
it works great ,  though ,  so that s what counts .
generally i ve been satisfied with all kitchen aid attachments ,  but this one is a little different .
my battery would not hold a charge any longer and i needed one fast .
if and when it quits working ,  i will buy another one just like it .
overall i found the headphones comfortable to wear and use .
after two years ,  the rechargeable battery finally started to get weak .
i was pleasantly surprised to try this headset .
i have had other phones that screen protectors were hard to put on .
the colors are very vibrant and appear as pictured .
to bad it makes my phone thinker and heavier .
but ,  like most things ,  you get what you pay for .
i don t know how long it will last yet .
you have precise control with these and the rubberized grips are very comfortable .
i had read the mixed reviews but purchased this product anyway and i am so glad i did .
it never worked that well and always seemed to be jammed up .
upon receiving this item i was very pleased .
i purchased this one to have a bigger size .
but ,  like most things ,  you get what you pay for .
i am not a coffee snob ,  but i do like a good ,  fast cup of coffee .
i read countless reviews before buying this product ,  and decided to buy it anyway .
the best part is that it s cheap at the price .
my only issue was the bolts that came with the mounting kit weren t quite long enough .
however if i had shopped around a little i could have saved about half the price by purchasing locally .
gives your screen a bit of a rainbow effect tho .
i got these for my cable and computer cords .
but the product was kinda cheap looking but good for the price .
save yourself some money and buy this one !  .
nothing great but does what it is supposed to do .
for this price $ i thought it was too good to be true ,  it was .
spend a little more and get the right stuff !  .
the battery life is pretty good ,  but it drains quickly sometimes  could be num_extend signal issues  .
i bought one of these back in num_extend
i was able to get it super cheap .
the pricing here at the time i bought it was $ vs .
but i wish the velcro covered more of the strap .
so i went online and found this ,  and bought it after reading all the good reviews .
this case is awesome but has one minor flaw .
after reading all the great reviews ,  i was disappointed by one thing .
it s a bit smaller than i thought it would be though .
because the battery door wasn t the right one; however ,  then i realized .
i just don t like bland ,  bitter or too strong tasting coffee .
sounded too good to be true ,  but it s not .
i found it online ,  and that was a huge plus .
did its job but did break after about num_num months use .
i use mine num_num or num_num times a day .
i don t understand the negative reviews on this product .
i bought this as a replacement for a lost cable and it fit perfectly .
has rubber protection that keeps it from denting or breaking .
i gave that one away to the church for their rummage sale .
i d say the battery runs down about % faster than traditional charging .
my only regret is that i didn t get this sooner .
this is a correction to my previous review .
i found this thing and bought it ,  just to try it out .
they are of course not child safe ,  so i wouldn t recommend this use in a household with children .
just keep in mind that this is not a num_num piece charger .
they are very tricky to apply to the phone though .
purchased these headphones to replace a set of broken ones of the same brand .
unfortunately ,  it does not come with screen protector .
i came across this and decided to give it a try .
this case is not for protection by any means .
otherwise i will give it a num_num stars .
it was done in less than an hour .
i will update this if i have problems .
i have an ipad ,  a kindle ,  and a iphone .
i saw these ,  they got great reviews ,  and bought them .
i bought this ,  slightly concerned about some of the reviews .
this product was purchased as a christmas gift for my daughter .
i bought it bases on the reviews on this website .
i got it because my phone kept shutting off .
the handle is a little short but comfortable to hold .
the only trouble is that it is hard to clean .
i ve only had it for a few days so i will update if anything happens .
i contacted amazon and they rectified the issue by sending out a replacement .
i ve used this case on my iphone num_extend for num_num months .
but ,  like most things ,  you get what you pay for .
i have used it to make a cup of tea also .
i had high expectations for this product because of the reviews and i was not disappointed .
this one got great reviews ,  though i was hesitant to buy online .
the color is nice ,  not bright red but a darker red .
unfortunately ,  wmf products are made in china now ,  which i don t like .
i thought this would be a waste of money .
it has a soft feel and is still durable .
i was a little nervous about replacing my broken ipod screen .
very easy to hold and grip as well as fits the phone perfectly .
for the price ,  i really can t complain about the quality for the price .
i ve owned a number of bluetooth headsets over the years and haven t been particularly thrilled with any of them .
my phone was dying so quickly that the first thought that came to mind was the battery .
i bought this for $ and the shipping on it was free ,  by itself .
it s only failing seemed to be that it stained to easily ,  and was hard to clean .
but thats what i expected for the price .
i just received this case today ,  and it s absolutely beautiful .
it was a refurbished unit ,  but looks and works like new .
getting a screen protector on it isn t the easiest thing in the world .
i really like my new otterbox commuter series iphone case for my num_extend
it has been such a great product that i am surprised to see some of the review here .
i ve only washed this by hand so far .
so glad i was able to upgrade to the num_extend
i may also have to try a different brand .
i got this one and it works fine ,  just like my first battery did .
got this to go with my tablet or smart phone .
i just did not want to chance it .
i use it with a samsung galaxy num_extend
i needed to replace my old battery because i needed a phone after my daily one broke on me .
i read the reviews and decided to go for it .
but it looks to be a nice product .
that s not enough ,  however ,  that i wouldn t highly recommend them .
there is much to like about this headset .
sound quality was better than expected and the fit was quite comfortable .
it works for the iphone but does not utilize all the features of the iphone .
high quality product ,  worth paying a little more to get it right .
they however contacted me and have me a full refund !  couldn t ask for better service ,  definitely satisfied !  .
i bought this for my daughter and she loves it .
i bought this based on other reviews ,  and i am glad i did .
i bought two of them to give as gifts .
i use it for hot soups ,  hot cocoa and other hot beverages .
i bought this hoping it would work ,  and it did .
i would have given it num_num stars but .
i figured i d take a chance with this one and i m glad i did .
they are strong and thick ,  but are a little too big .
i liked the fact that there were so many positive reviews as well .
it s also not too big or too small ,  and the wires aren t too spread out .
first time i used it and went smoothly .
i wasn t expecting the sound quality to be as good as it is .
i use this for my homemade almond milk .
i bought this based on other reviews ,  and i am glad i did .
for the price though you really cant complain !  .
i due note that while charging the phone thru the case the case will not charge during the process .
i almost didn t buy this because of some bad reviews .
the best part is that it s cheap at the price .
when i want to put another charger somewhere ,  i ll buy this one .
first i read the reviews here ,  and decided that most reviewers agree with our friend .
however ,  the blade is a little on the small side .
cowboy coffee is good ,  but not as good as press pot coffee ! the bad : not much bad really .
the quality of this cable is a lot better than the price suggests .
i love this brand and everything they make .
i purchased otter case for my num_extend which was designed for num_extend
i had a little issue with the handle coming off .
i didn t expect it to be so sturdy .
satisfied with this product and it was delivered on time .
even when new ,  my old battery didn t last as long as this one .
i especially love that it is pink too .
my old battery went bad after a long use .
i bought this because reviews were so good and i was not disappointed .
all i can say  you pay for what you get .   .
but you can find better for less ,  and should .
just have to be careful when handling it .
my old one quit working so i had to replace it .
i had this charger for over a year and it just crapped out after heavy use .
but after reading the reviews ,  i decided to give it a try .
when the screen is on ,  you can barely tell there is anything on it .
i can t complain about the power of the product ,  it is fantastic .
i received the headphones and have been really impresses with the quality of the sound and how they look .
i feel like this battery last longer than my original battery .
after i tried it i bought two more .
the cable is not thick ,  but it isn t cheaply constructed .
it is a substantial material that doesn t feel cheap .
i didn t buy this one from amazon . com but i do own one .
i liked the first one i bought so much ,  i ordered a second one .
i picked up one of these on sale recently ,  and was pretty impressed with the product .
i purchased this set for my son s christmas gift .
they dont last as long as the regular battery but thats to be expected .
did feel very large and bulky but it was a great case for my phone  :   .
they are a bit thinner than the name brand ones ,  but considering the cost ,  they do the job .
people sometimes complain that they can t hear me well .
don t waste your money on the env touch .
product arrived as described ,  on time and well packaged .
the material has a really nice soft rubbery feel to it ,  easy to hold .
it cleans up very easily and it doesn t hold scents .
i bought this dock for my motorola droid razr maxx .
i bought this based on the reviews and i m very happy with the results .
i was a little disappointment in the cheap quality of this product .
i didn t realize this product existed until i started searching on amazon .
i have been using it for num_num weeks now .
although ,  it does take much longer to charge my phone .
when i received it ,  i was more than happy with the product .
that only happened the first time i used it .
the batteries that came were installed wrong so i had to flip one around .
when i found this at amazon i was thrilled .
i really liked this case !  it was cute and it fit my style perfectly .
so i got this timer ,  it does the job .
not to mention ,  the grinder itself appears fairly stylish .
good product ,  a little heavier than it needs to be .
it does not cover much of the screen which is a plus .
do not expect to connect it to any usb port and it will charge .
when i first tried the juicer ,  i was very disappointed with the results .
so i waited for the price to drop below $ before i purchased .
after checking various reviews ,  purchased this item from amazon .
i m also lowering my rating by one star .
i had a little issue with the handle coming off .
kinda the purpose of it ,  eh ?  it works really well .
yes love these ,  i will order a pair in black .
i would give it num_extend stars and num_num if the price was $ cheaper .
it s had a few close calls with the washing machine . i like it .
the only thing i didn t like is the chemical smell .
we are slowly building up our collection of wusthof knives .
this product is more than what i expected for the price .
i have a num_extend and this fits nicely .
i just replaced two plastic edged graters myself because they broke within nine months .
i have been using it for about num_num months with no problems .
i love popcorn and have it as a snack almost every night .
it is under $ you get what you pay for in most cases .
i bought two of these to save money on shipping .
i especially like it for ginger and zest .
not the greatest audio quality ,  and a little uncomfortable on the ear ,  but otherwise it s great .
i haven t found a better solution yet ,  though .
i bought these because they were a good deal but they turned out to be an excellent product .
i bought this to use on my ipod touch and motorola droid x with skype .
wow ,  glad i spent a little more on this one .
she took my number and num_num minutes later she called me back .
i recommend it . if my experience changes ,  i ll update this review .
there are definitely cheaper ones out there ,  but this one is amazing .
the eye remover is a nice touch ,  allow you to effortlessly scoop out blemishes .
the first time i used this ,  i thought that it wasn t working .
i was just hoping for a little more .
first i read the reviews here ,  and decided that most reviewers agree with our friend .
this is one of those products which you actually get your money s worth .
i would have given it num_num stars but .
the good reviews for this product is finally what sold me on it .
the quality of the product is top rate .
please let me know if you have any comments or questions !  .
plug it in to charge up the unit .
i had read many reviews most good ,  some very bad .
these are larger than i thought they would be .
all in all ,  i m very happy with this headset .
the case is really cute and i don t regret buying it .
it is not a beautiful item; it is plastic and looks kind of cheap .
many good things have been written about this product and i agree with most .
but not bad for all the time it worked well .
otherwise this is worth the price and more .
its a bit difficult taking off and putting on .
but after reading the reviews ,  i decided to give it a try .
no fade outs ,  no problems . worn properly ,  these interfere with my glasses a bit .
this gizmo is simple ,  inexpensive and it works .
i wasn t really expecting that and it doesn t look as nice as it did .
i was even more thrilled when i got it .
i am happy to have purchased this pitcher ,  also it s less than num_num dollars a real bargain i think .
it looks better in the picture than it is .
this is one of those products which you actually get your money s worth .
the only drawback i found was that this just doesnt have enough flavor .
i wash it every other num_num or num_num days .
so i m reducing the rating by one star .
it has a strong motor ,  and isn t that loud .
this phone case was so pretty when it arrived .
i would rate it num_num out of num_num if i could .
so i went online and found this ,  and bought it after reading all the good reviews .
the sound quality is quite good as well .
it is not a beautiful item; it is plastic and looks kind of cheap .
i thought i orderd the wrong product when i received the package .
if it did ,  it would be five stars .
the best part is it was only like $
for $ these headphones are a fairly good deal .
i used it a couple of times before needing to recharge it itself .
this was a birthday gift for my daughter .
before purchasing a coffee maker i checked consumers report .
i bought this and hoped it fit my phone and it did .
seems quite sturdy and like it will last .
however ,  in my quest for the best coffee maker ,  i found this cuisinart central brew coffee maker .
i thought this would be a waste of money .
i read the reviews before buying and decided to go for it .
but once i got it ,  i love it .
that s why i give it num_num stars instead of num_extend
i m glad that i got it here on amazon .
and it s kind of a stink to clean .
i bought this based on other reviews ,  and i am glad i did .
i have used it only a few times since i purchased it .
the battery barely makes it through the day .
they are also a little larger that i thought .
so that s why i also got the num_extend
the blade is not sharp but is very heavy duty .
also the filter is a bit hard to clean .
i am an avid coffee drinker without a doubt .
sure wish i had checked this out sooner .
these are much better than the mirrored screen protectors i had prior .
i did some research on google and visited various websites including reviews on youtube .
other than that there s not too much to say .
the sound is pretty good ,  though nothing to write home about .
this is a pretty nice headset with decent sound quality for skype and phone calls .
it has a light pleasant smell ,  and it just feels good .
otherwise ,  this looks to be an excellent product .
then again ,  it s so cheap ,  i can live with that  :   .
that is why i gave it num_num stars .
it was inexpensive ,  and it will last longer than i will .
it is a good size ,  not too large .
i thought this was a good buy for the money i paid .
first i read the reviews here ,  and decided that most reviewers agree with our friend .
for the price ,  i don t think you can ask for much more than that !  .
the clarity is decent and the frame rates are okay for a camera phone .
you can see by all the positive reviews that this thing is amazing .
the film is nice and easy to apply .
it s not gaudy ,  i just don t like it .
the resulting coffee tasted about as bad as the smell .
this item is well made ,  and the materials are of good quality .
this popcorn is much better than what most of my friends use ,  the bagged microwaved type .
it grinds beans and does so pretty well .
i ve only used it a couple of times .
i read the reviews and was very impressed .
glad i got this after reading the postive reviews of the item on amazon .
quality is not great ,  but ,  the price is very good .
for the price i thought i would be getting a basic thin cheap product .
i will update this review when i have had a chance to see how they perform .
though amazon does have a better price than bev or more was selling them at .
it is a small size and is very portable .
this machine is well designed and works very well .
remember you get what you pay for though .
bought this as a gift for my girlfriend .
but thats what i expected for the price .
it s more expensive than it could be ,  but it s not overpriced and it really works well .
i would have given it num_num stars but .
having read the other reviews ,  i m simply amazed at the comments .
if you shop around ,  you can probably find one just as good as this one for a lower price .
i am so pleased that amazon offers quality products like wmf .
it s excellent and i bought it based on all the good reviews .
i do not agree at all with the  plastic  feel .
it fits tight and it is not easy to take it off .
i just received this product and have been using for the last week .
i was not sure what to expect ,  but this product delivers .
reviews on this were good ,  so i took a chance and have been very happy with the product .
i bought this beacuse it s my favorite color .
it s pretty loud ,  but if you turn the volume up too much you will definitely notice some distortion .
this is one of those products which you actually get your money s worth .
the second i placed my phone on the charger ,  it signaled a charge .
i tried it twice in the past but never seemed to benefit and work successfully .
there are solid and look to be well constructed .
they are a bit of an odd size ,  for me anyway .
it cleans up very easily and it doesn t hold scents .
i ordered the wrong one and had to return it .
i didn t feel that it had the best sound quality ,  though .
but they re either uncomfortable ,  have poor audio quality ,  or just aren t reliable .
i just lucked out and it works with mine .
i got this to keep the ipod in my car charged .
the price isn t low ,  but you get what you pay for .
but it also makes it more difficult to pull in and out of a pocket .
i am using it for my work with plants and container gardening .
don t waste your money on the cheaper ones .
i think for the price they are good .
i had problems at first with this battery .
it is not a beautiful item; it is plastic and looks kind of cheap .
it isn t a quick charger which can only be the down side .
the color is beautiful and the texture is really easy to hold and doesn t scratch easily .
this product works well and is dishwasher safe as well .
rather ,  it s because they re cheaply made ,  or not cut precisely accurately .
it s a good thing and a bad thing ,  depending on the situation .
it will save you a boatload of time and effort .
just got this today and couldn t wait to try it out .
i had tried another brand and it was not useable at all .
i thought the battery was dying on my original and changed it out .
previously ,  my favorite  phones were the motorola num_extend
when i received it and started using it ,  i was immediately impressed .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
this case is very good for the incredibly cheap price .
i dropped one not to long ago and it cracked upon impact .
included instructions are a little hard to understand .
this thing is so sharp that just grazing your finger with it can cut you .
great price for the product ,  cheapest i found in retail was $ at sams .
i did not notice any extreme odors from it and it cleans up easily .
i ve only used it a couple of times .
i bought this as a christmas present for my daughter .
but they are a quality product ,  and you get what you pay for .
this knife is amazingly sharp although you do have to take care of it to maintain the edge .
they were packaged very well and arrived on the promised delivery date .
i got this as a christmas present for my brother .
if you are in a hurry ,  this is not the burner to use .
they are great for crackers ,  chips ,  cookies ,  etc .
these headphones sound pretty good and are very comfortable .
i ve been using this for years and it always works well .
i reordered from amazon and bought this one to replace it .
i purchased it because it seemed to get the most positive reviews out of all that i looked at .
the only drawback i found was that this just doesnt have enough flavor .
also the filter is a bit hard to clean .
the whole process took only about num_num minutes .
don t waste your time and money on other units .
protects the screen by lifting it up around the edges .
it looks better in the picture than it is .
people buy this product because it s much cheaper than the one sold by apple .
anyway ,  i am pretty thorough about doing the research so i can get the best product for the money .
it isnt the best quality but it works and looks nice .
i don t understand the negative reviews on this product .
overall ,  for the price ,  i think it s a good buy .
as far as i can tell ,  there is no way to turn off this feature .
i m still using mine and it still works fine .
it is very sticky but not an adhesive .
that s about all i can really say ,  lol .
i just used the coffee i had on hand with no problems .
i got it for $ so cant complain .
i bought this because it was cheap ,  so my expectations was not the highest .
that is why i am only giving it num_num stars .
i can see why this gets such high reviews here on amazon !  .
i did have to replace the original one i bought .
you might be able to find others for a greater price but none is better .
i have bought a few cheaper ones in the past ,  and they never last very long .
but this ond had thd best ratings from the customers so i bought it .
its very large ,  bigger than i expected ,  but it is awesome .
the drawback on this phone is definitely the battery life .
however ,  the new num_num model seems to have many more features for just a little bit more money .
usually when the yogurt is through processing ,  i add fruit to make a drinkable smoothie !  so nutritious and tasty .
much better than the motorola num_extend that i also own .
aside from having big hands ,  i have a large neck .
i ve upgraded my review from num_num stars to num_num stars .
i give this num_num stars instead of num_num stars .
i had one of these and broke it ,  so i ordered another one .
my phone was having issues where it wouldn t stay connected on a call and this fresh battery fixed that .
thank you for this i hope it helps others out too .
also its a cheap price for protecting ur phone .
sound is not really really great but better than regular earbuds .
i upgraded my rating from num_num stars to num_num stars .
this is my first otterbox case i ever used .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
i have had this cuisinart for about num_num years now ,  and it is still going strong .
even though it is refurbished it looks like new ,  and works great .
it is very compact and seems to be well made .
it was troubling for me to see so many bad reviews on amazon for this product .
but ,  like most things ,  you get what you pay for .
would be nice if it was a little bigger .
i bought this num_num or num_num years ago .
well this is a superb product ,  i initially had read review with this product as well as buyer feedback .
but i was swayed by the good reviews and i am really glad that i bought them .
fortunately ,  the many positive reviews i read on amazon about this item were spot on .
i purchased two and am glad i did .
the audio quality ,  while not the greatest ,  gets the job done .
they look nice and sturdy and well made .
i don t know why i hesitated buying this .
it is nice looking ,  durable and mostimportant it fits perfectly .
the one problem i have with it is battery life .
i am very impressed with amazon s version of iphone accessories .
for the price i was not expecting much .
this is my second iteration of this device .
i love otterbox products and this one is no exception .
i am always swapping out batteries and dropping this all the time .
these headphones were not designed for you and they were definitely less comfortable than a set of ear buds .
i don t leave it plugged in all the time ,  only when the battery is getting low .
wonderful customer service ,  indeed ! i hope this was helpful to you .
it is also light to carry ,  and very importantly is small and compact .
i ve had these for a few years now and they work fantastic .
these are not high quality ,  but for the price you can t beat them .
so i bought it ! it has worked fine for me .
the one problem i have with it is battery life .
meets my needs although i would have liked to have an even bigger bag .
but ,  like most things ,  you get what you pay for .
i thought this was a really good price .
it really goes to work without damaging the skin .
i would buy this again in different sizes .
i got these as a small gift for my husband for christmas .
try it and you will like it too .
what can i say but it s a battery that came fully charged and worked as it should .
i bought this ,  slightly concerned about some of the reviews .
the price was a lot better than retail price .
especially the blue glow around the motorola emblem .
if anything goes wrong with it ,  i ll update this review .
it has a good feel and fits the phone well .
i ve had this for almost a year now .
the case was very easy to put on and is not too bulky .
they fit well ,  look nice and are very affordable .
i may also have to try a different brand .
but ,  like most things ,  you get what you pay for .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
i dropped my phone a few times and the hard plastic finally cracked .
its a bit difficult taking off and putting on .
i emailed amazon and got a replacement the next day .
so ,  i got a charger made for my phone for a fraction of the price it normally costs .
ordered because my battery wasn t holding a charge at all anymore .
got this for my granddaughter num_extend for christmas .
another great product that i ordered from amazon .
i liked the fact that there were so many positive reviews as well .
i ve only owned it for a few months .
these are good quality earphones that are dirt cheap .
i own several and they work well enough .
i didn t expect it to be so sturdy .
was a little hesitant until i read some of the previous reviews and found them glowing .
battery life is definitely not as great as it claims but overall not a bad headset .
we will see and i will update at that time .
there is just one not so trivial problem .
it works very well but is pretty large .
i ordered this battery because my old battery would barely last num_num hours .
don t waste your money on any other brand .
i bought this item because of brand recognition and their reputation .
people sometimes complain that they can t hear me well .
don t waste your time or money on any other product that is a knock off .
i purchased this set for my son s christmas gift .
the cons are that it s too big to carry around easily .
i like these covers ,  but they are very very bulky .
i ordered one for me and one as a christmas gift .
i am in the beginning stages of rheumatoid arthritis and have no strength in my hands .
i am going to try and find another one of these .
these are no beats by dre headphones ,  but they sound great .
i think that s a matter of getting what you pay for .
it does not cover much of the screen which is a plus .
the cons are that it s too big to carry around easily .
slightly pricey ,  but you get what you pay for .
that s my only reason for num_num stars instead of num_extend
it is a bit loud even at the lowest setting .
each battery can last for less than a day with moderate usage without charging .
my phone wouldn t hold a charge so i thought i needed a new battery .
i did and it worked out really well .
for what it is ,  this product is great .
these are very nice sheets and a fantastic value .
remember you get what you pay for though .
it was easy to install and has stayed on without any problems .
i bought this to have a few extras .
but i liked them so much that i wanted a new pair .
the quality of this product is great ,  it may not be as cheap as others ,  but its worth it .
i think i paid too much for them here ,  however .
super excited to have found this on amazon .
i am very happy to have a new one .
i like the large easy to read dial .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
have used this product for over a year .
the sound quality is far better and louder than motorola bluetooth i used before .
i was disappointed with this product at first .
after reading the reviews i purchased them and could not be happier .
not only was the price good but also it worked as it should and it was truly oem .
also ,  the price is a bit too much ,  even though it s a high quality product .
so i was looking to purchase a new one .
for the price ,  i really can t complain about the quality for the price .
did its job but did break after about num_num months use .
the sound is just not perfect for me .
the awesome reviews on this product made me buy it without hesitation .
my first one broke after a few months .
this is a great product ,  and is relatively inexpensive at around $
ok yes it took almost a month to get here .
for such a low price i didn t expect much .
after reading other s reviews i was certain that i would be pleased with it .
you will be pleased . got mine from amazon .  .  . no tax and free shipping .
have had this for about two months ,  used it twice so far and can tell it s a quality product .
it s made of a comfy ,  stretchy fabric ,  similar to neoprene ,  and is adjustable .
my phone drops the case protects it  !  .
this is a product that works just as advertised .
it still works great and am even still using the original headset .
it s worth a few extra pennies to buy something that s going to last much longer .
however ,  it does feel a little cheap with the plastic ,  but for the price ,  it s good .
i ve had this product for about num_num months now .
it is everything the previous reviewers have said .
it is a bit pricey but may be worth it .
the only downside is that there s no cover for the charger to keep the battery in .
it doesn t happen a lot but it does happen .
for the price ,  i wasn t really sure what to expect .
it finally bit the dust and i ordered this one as a replacement .
you get what you pay for and this is worth the price .
it was a heavier weight than i was expecting  quality  .
the price is good for what you get .
what i can t figure out is the filter .
i then read some reviews and got a little worried about my purchase .
it is lightweight and so easy to use .
but ,  like most things ,  you get what you pay for .
it s just a couple of pieces of molded plastic .
when i first saw this i thought it looked thin and not very durable .
ultimately this seemed like the best match to my wants ,  so i ordered three of them .
lol ,  i now have an interesting paper weight .
it was a good deal for the price .
since the case is rubberized it tends to get dirty quickly .
the sound quality on these is much better than my samsung wired ear buds .
i really am happy i purchased this unit .
its simply a design flaw the should be fixed .
i only had this for a week or so .
i changed my rating to num_num stars from num_extend for that reason .
not the best ,  but definitely not the worst .
probably because it is made of cheap plastic . the good .
bought this for my brother after getting mine .
i ve had it for num_num weeks ,  use it every night .
i used this about once a week ,  and have for the past num_num years or so .
this was a birthday gift for my daughter .
this is a very beautiful and well designed product .
i bought one ,  and i must say that it s excellent .
so ,  i wanted a portable charger to take with me . good decision !  this charger especially .
what more is there to say about it ?  ^ . ^ .
got this charger to power my raspberry pi .
these microplane graters are wonderful ,  and i only recommend the professional versions .
i cannot think of a thing that i don t like about this vacuum .
i have had this knife for about a year and a half .
it seems to be a well made ,  quality product .
i wondered if it were really froth i didn t like or steamed milk .
i do see it s selling now for about $
i liked the fact that there were so many positive reviews as well .
i was absolutely giddy when i first used this thing .
i loved this pan the first time i used it .
i m very glad i bought this product and recommend it .
i have been an owner of this spring form pan for about five years now .
it is a great color and really durable .
i bought this hoping it would work ,  and it did .
i had a little issue with the handle coming off .
i have used this for about a year now .
reviews on this were good ,  so i took a chance and have been very happy with the product .
with so many good reviews i felt i couldn t go wrong .
at first i could not get it to be comfortable in my ear .
is it nice looking ?  yes ,  i think so .
i picked this up when i read some great reviews and i am very pleased .
i don t have any complains with this product ,  highly recommended .
i liked the fact that there were so many positive reviews as well .
i was very pleased when this product arrived .
this is my second one since the lid for my first was misplaced .
however i ve only used it to charge my android phone .
there are nuances of good flavor without the bitterness .
in response ,  they simply sent me a new lid .
charge the pac using the included num_extend charger .
i use this num_num days out of num_extend
don t waste your money on any other brand .
i rate this product num_num stars out of num_num stars . i hope this review helped you out !  .
i couldn t get it to work at all at first .
sort of makes me want a new one !  lol .
figuring out how to use it is a bit of a frustration .
i just received this item promptly yesterday and began using it this morning .
this is the second one of these i have had .
the num_extend is a num_num out of num_extend
that means if the charger does go bad ,  you can t replace it .
i have been using this product for many years .
having said as much ,  i ordered this because of the favorable reviews and could not be happier .
you can use it locally or with the remote .
also ,  the suction cups don t seem to work as well on this one as the num_num sided one .
also tried them out on my ipod touch and zen touch num_extend
this one was the one i bought because of the price and also the reviews .
i think i paid num_num dollars for it .
unfortunately ,  it does add quite a bit of bulk and weight to the phone .
i love that i didnt have to pay $ for it .
and the cord is a little on the short side .
this product does the job and is quite cheap .
it looks nice too ,  which is a bonus .
it keeps my phone from breaking ,  i ve dropped it a lot .
i was able to get it super cheap .
i don t know why i hesitated buying this .
it s big and feels heavy in the hands .
i bought another one for $ the day before .
i have not been very happy with the battery life of my iphone num_extend
i can see why this gets such high reviews here on amazon !  .
i own a kitchenaid mixer and food processor ,  and have found their quality and performance to beexcellent .
yes you can buy better quality headphones ,  but they will also cost significantly more .
this is my num_extend one that i ordered .
still ,  if you are willing to pay for the better sound this is a very good headset to consider .
worth the money although the price has gone up by $ since i purchased a couple of months back .
it also makes the handle more comfortable ,  and provides a pretty good grip .
time will tell if it will hold up .
great for the price !  i got it for num_num something i think .
sure it is a lot of money ,  but it is wroth it .
only reason for num_num stars is because of the price .
i agree with all the reviews that this product is excellent .
i bought this as a christmas present for my daughter .
only flaw is it is made in china ,  and you can tell the quality is just not there .
i just wished i had not wasted my money in $ cases !  .
i d probably give it num_extend stars if it were possible .
the design is very appealing ,  the reason why i purchased it .
that is why i purchased the new num_extend
i thought this would be a waste of money .
you get what you pay for ,  and this is pretty good for the price .
after time ,  that battery will decrease in its ability to hold a charge .
i agree with several other reviewers that the plastic is somewhat flimsy and that it could have been better .
with tpu cases it s usually a hit or miss .
when i found this at amazon i was thrilled .
i have a medium sized one and it fits with space to spare .
its a bit difficult taking off and putting on .
i decided to pay a bit more and get a quality product .
got this for my wife for a christmas present .
i decided on it after reading many favorable reviews .
serve with a little butter ,  sugar ,  and cinnamon ,  it s heaven . oatmeal : this is my personal favorite .
i will update my review after we have used it for a while .
i was impressed with the prompt and courteous customer service .
with the second one ,  i was a bit more careful .
the materials are high quality and the headset is well put together and feels solid .
i couldn t get it to work at all at first .
this can reduce the life of your battery .
however ,  it comes from china and shipping is approximately num_num weeks .
i contacted amazon and they rectified the issue by sending out a replacement .
this case fits and provides good protection for the phone .
i am highly allergic to pollen ,  dust ,  cat dander ,  and several other substances .
the graphics on the num_extend just can t compare .
i have only had it for a couple of weeks .
the phone was recognized immediately by my macbook pro  osx  and my windows pc s  xp ,  vista ,  and num_extend
this is the second one that i have purchased .
i purchased mine in amazon about num_num years ago .
so i decided to give the num_extend a try .
i recommend charging the battery full ,  wiping battery stats ,  then letting it completely die .
when i got it ,  i was tickled by it s good sound quality ,  comfort ,  ergonomics ,  and build quality .
however ,  it does not make the device unusable .
i bent the mini usb adapter while it was charging my phone .
i just don t like bland ,  bitter or too strong tasting coffee .
i am happy with what i got for the price i paid .
easily the most comfortable headphones i ve worn in decades .
i ll update this review should anything change over time .
bought this unit after reading the reviews posted here and i m pretty happy with the purchase .
don t waste your money on the cheaper ones .
if you are not fussy about quality ,  buy it anyway .
however ,  the plastic lid also seems to be the achilles heel and it requires some effort to close .
i would rate these num_num stars if i could .
i like it and the color helps it to stand out .
i have seen some reviewers say this was junk .
i thought i orderd the wrong product when i received the package .
they are a good substitute for the high end glasses .
these are larger than i thought they would be .
the only drawback i found was that this just doesnt have enough flavor .
reviews on this were good ,  so i took a chance and have been very happy with the product .
it would not do well with heavy carpet .
its dimensions are num_extend length x num_extend width x num_extend thickness .
i have num_num batteries for my evo num_extend
